1 ::: Edgar's Lunch (1998) ::: L.R. Brane loves his life - his car, his apartment, his job, but especially his girlfriend, Vespa. One day while showering, Vespa runs out of shampoo. L.R. runs across the street to a convenience store to buy some more, a quick trip of no more than a few minutes. When he returns, Vespa is gone and every trace of her existence has been wiped out. L.R.'s life becomes a tortured existence as one strange event after another occurs to confirm in his mind that a conspiracy is working against his finding Vespa.
2 ::: La guerra de papá (1977) ::: Spain, March 1964: Quico is a very naughty child of three belonging to a wealthy middle-class family. Since Cristina's birth, he feels he has lost the privileged position of "prince" of the house for his eight months old sister. So, with his brother Juan, who is eight years old and is quite disobedient, spend their time committing prank after prank, causing the resulting anger of his mother, the nanny and the old housemaid. The rest of the family members are two much older brothers, his resigned mother and a retrograde father of authoritarian ideas. But many years have passed, and the civil war that won the despot Don Pablo is simply for their children "Dad's war".
3 ::: Off the Beaten Track (2010) ::: One year in the life of Albin and his family of shepherds in the North of Transylvania. In direct cinema style, this documentary follows their day to day routines, and their struggle to adapt to a new world where traditions are gradually replaced by modern values. Since joining the EU, Romania has been facing, like several other Eastern European countries, the pressure of modern values, introducing in farmer's lives the cruel notion of competition, the temptation of migrating to the higher salaries abroad, and the marginalization of locally produced food against industrial products.
4 ::: Meu Amigo Hindu (2015) ::: His father has died, he hasn't spoken with his brother for about 10 years and has a serious cancer. Diego is a talented film director with difficulty to deal with his sickness, which is making him lose his friends and family. His best friend and doctor Ricardo gives him the news that he needs a bone marrow transplantation, otherwise he'll die. He gets married to a beautiful woman, Livia, just before going to Seattle to get treatment. There, he undergoes numerous medical procedures. During treatment, he meets an Hindu boy, with whom he plays and whom he tells amazing stories. Odds are against him and when stakes are the highest, Diego gets a visit from a very uncommon man.
5 ::: Er nu zhai (1955) ::: Before he was known internationally as a martial arts superstar, Bruce Lee had appeared in a handful of Hong Kong films as a child star in the 1940s/50s. One of these early films was The More the Merrier (1955), a.k.a. We Owe it to Our Children from the Union Film Enterprise, a family melodrama written and directed by renowned filmmaker Chin Chien (My Intimate Partners). Featuring the 14-year-old Bruce Lee and future Cantonese Opera star Yuen Siu Fai, the B&W film revolves around accountant Ming (played by Cheung Wood Yau) and his wife (Tsi Lo Lin) who suffers a miscarriage in an car accident. The couple decides to adopt a baby girl, not knowing that she's the daughter given up by Ming's poor co-worker who struggles to feed a bunch of kids. Bruce Lee plays the slacker son of the landlord (Ko Lo Chuen).
6 ::: Riddle Room (2016) ::: Emily Burns is being held captive in a room with no idea as to why or how she got there. Determined to escape and return to her daughter and husband, Emily discovers clues within the room that help explain what she's doing there. They even provide clues about who she is...but will they help her escape?
7 ::: L'amica (1969) ::: The beautiful but neglected wife of a brilliant architect from Milan, betrayed by her husband and mocked by her friend who manages the amorous adventures that she dreams of having, decides to take vengeance of the two, seducing her friend's husband and her young son.
8 ::: Ina Mina Dika (1989) ::: Vasu Inamdar (Ina) suffers from a disorder where the pictures which he sees comes in his dreams and turn into reality. He discusses this with his wife Shalu and his best friend Digamber Minapure (Mina), Shalu then gets help from Dr A.Z Dcosta (Dika), but Dika turns out to be a fraud and he takes advantage of Shalu and puts her to sleep so that he can avail it in real, Mina comes to know that Dika was taken advantage of and decides to teach him a lesson by bringing the truth in front of everyone.
9 ::: Equinox Special: Britain's Tornados (2005) ::: An insight into the tornados that hit Kensal Rise in 2006 and Birmingham in 2005. Surprisingly for a country with a reputation for moderate weather, Britain has more tornadoes per unit area than any other country in the world. British and American tornado experts assesses the damage and address the possibility that such extreme weather is on the increase on this side of the Atlantic.
10 ::: Press (2011) ::: Press is a story of young people overwhelmed by social discord and their surroundings. The film concisely depicts multiple factors underlying this situation. These are things that could affect any of us. People tend to clam up and stop communicating when depressed or upset. It is also not uncommon for people to note the expression on an individual's face and decide to leave them alone, even if the individual concerned does not actually consider their problem to be serious. The events in this film are no exaggeration. Rather, they are emblematic of a modern disease, in which a family and those surrounding it slip into a negative momentum. How to address the problem of communication breakdown is a question with great value and meaning for contemporary society.
11 ::: The Firm Man (1975) ::: Not much is known about the firm for which businessman Gerald Baxter works, but it seems to have a negative effect on everyone involved. The hero begins to experience bizarre visions, while his wife commences an affair with a friend of the family.
12 ::: Out of Here (2013/I) ::: After a year traveling the world, twentysomething Ciaran reluctantly returns to his hometown of Dublin, broke and stuck living with his parents. As he struggles to reconnect with the ex-girlfriend that he left behind and the friends and social scene that have moved on without him, Ciaran leads us through an atmospheric and authentic vision of contemporary Dublin and Irish youth.
13 ::: Tip 2 (1990) ::: Young-ja initially mocks the shy, introverted Ki-hoon who is infatuated with her. She in turn, is fascinated with Dong-hyeok, a worldly small time criminal. After promising to change his ways, Dong-hyeok betrays Young-ja and sells her into prostitution. Only Ki-hoon cares enough about her to attempt a rescue.
14 ::: Hero of the Day (2012) ::: Mark Chambers, a down and out former professional football player plans to redeem himself unbeknown-st to Allen, a documentary filmmaker capturing a day in the hero's life. A thrilling and heartfelt (found footage) drama, the first of its kind.
15 ::: Das letzte Mal (2000) ::: On the night a husband finally brings himself to tell his wife that he wants to leave her for another woman, she has prepared a luxurious dinner just for the two of them. While they sit at the table , eat and talk, he is about to find out that she already knows about everything - and she's not planning to let him get away with it...
16 ::: The Man in Every Shot (2010) ::: Ex-Formula 1 rookie of the year and Motor Racing Champion Tiago Monteiro is an Official SEAT Sport driver in the World Touring Car Championship (WTCC), an Official ORECA driver at the 24 hours of LeMans and 1000km of Algarve, the owner and team principal of GP2 Ocean Racing team, the owner of two brand new hip restaurants in his native Porto, the owner of a clothing and events company, not to mention a husband and father of two. This is the amazing story of the world's busiest athlete.
17 ::: The Kettles on Old MacDonald's Farm (1957) ::: Ma and Pa do their bit to hook lumberman Brad Johnson up with spoiled socialite Sally Flemming. Ma teaches Sally how to behave like a hick so she'll be compatible with Brad.
18 ::: The Patriot (1916) ::: Bob Wiley, a veteran and a patriot, discovers gold on his New Mexico ranch. He mines it secretly, hoping to build up a fortune for his son Bobby. But his secret is found out, and corrupt government officials swindle him out of his land and kill his son in the process. Wiley renounces his country and joins with a the bandit Pancho Zapilla, who plans a raid on Wiley's hometown. Wiley sees the error of his decision, but is there still time to stop the destruction of the town?
19 ::: "The Rogue Legends Series" (2017) ::: Eugen Sandow was a German strongman, circus performer and strength athlete considered by historians to be the "father of modern bodybuilding." Sandow's physique was known around the world as he pioneered the concept of training the body to achieve a specific look. More importantly, Sandow made popular the notion of exercising for good health. In the first installment of the Rogue Legends series, we travel to England, Belgium, France and Austin, TX to uncover Sandow's legacy.
20 ::: A Case of Mistaken Identity? (2008) ::: Joseph Jacoby introduces himself. He's a writer and filmmaker, about 60. His mother, mentally ill, spent much of her life in an asylum. After her death, using scraps of information, he sets out to discover the identity of his father. His own birth certificate, Social Security records, and other snippets put him on the trail of Ben, deceased in 2001, whose widow is alive. After months of trying, Joseph meets her. She can't believe her eyes: he looks just like her husband. He flies to California to meet a daughter of this man: she's open and helpful, providing memories that suggest connections. Joseph seeks DNA tests using saliva from envelops of Ben's letters. Has he found his father?
21 ::: Dinner for Three (2016) ::: Trevor lives alone in the middle of nowhere, but tonight he prepares a meal for Dave and Janice who will be joining him for dinner; eventually leading to a reality and perspective fracturing confrontation that forces Dave to take executive measures to ensure Trevor stays alive.
22 ::: Crack Baby (????) ::: When a privileged student filmmaker teams up with an acclaimed documentary filmmaker they both learn a valuable life lesson about the human condition.
23 ::: Paper Marilyn (1994) ::: The life and work of a Venetian artist, entertainer and performer from his childhood in Venice, where he was fascinated by great female movie stars of the 50s, to his success in UK and Europe as a performing actor working mainly with paper.
24 ::: A Tribute to Rick Nelson (1986) ::: A rockumentary tribute to the late Rick Nelson. Musical performances from The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet; concert appearances in Chicago, Baton Rouge (directed by Taylor Hackford) and at the Universal Amphitheater in Los Angeles (including a duet with Fats Domino) along with reminiscences of: Fats Domino, Carl Perkins, John Fogerty, Roy Orbison, Jerry Lee Lewis, Sam Phillips and more.
25 ::: The Silent Rice Fields of Bakan (2016) ::: Between April 1975 and January 1979, the Democratic Kampuchea regime killed approximately 1.7 million people. Since 2006, the trial of the former Pol Pot dignitaries has begun in Phnom Penh. As forms of compensation for the victims, it offers mainly commemorative practices inspired by the "duty to remember" and a mental health support. A narrative that promotes the idea of a passive and traumatized Cambodian Nation. Nevertheless, for more than twenty years, Cambodian society has moved on by its own means. They lie in a deeply resilient religious culture where the well-being of the living depends on the well-being of the dead and where circular time produces a type of memory that turns itself alternatively on and off. This film, based on a scientific study embedded in a poetic form produces evidence of Khmer Rouge genocide memory in Cambodia which is mainly invisible for the Western eye.
26 ::: Otetz Ivan i negovite detza (2010) ::: Three decades ago he was a State Security officer. Then quited and took the vows. To the communists, this was treason. They sentenced him to five years in prison. There he pledged to God to build an orphanage. Now without any support from the government or any institution whatever, he takes care of 130 people, mostly children, single mothers and stranded people.
27 ::: What's Left (2018) ::: Two individuals find themselves alone after a major explosion that struck their city. Both searching for any signs of life, they stumble upon each other and make the best of what they have. Before they realize the extremity of what happens they have a bit of fun around the city.
28 ::: The Tunnel (????/II) ::: A 14 year-old skeptic falls 3 stories, in a coma, trapped between this world and the next, must choose between her secularly trained mind and her awakened spirit to guide her through the perils of the tunnel and back to the life she left behind.
29 ::: EWR Revolution 2.0 (2005) ::: EWR's Revolution 2.0 09/04/2005 1. Tagteam Reality Check w/Marty Milenko vs Los Tabarnacos 2. Kona w/Vanessa Kraven vs Fred "La merveille" Lauzon w/Académie de lutte du Québec 3. Damian Steele w/ Marty Milenko & Reality Check vs Jack-a-lidster 4. 2.0 vs Académie de lutte du Québec w/Marc Le Grizzly 5. Kevin Steen vs Hellstorm 6. Damian vs Pee-Wee 7. Franky "The Mobster" vs Homicide 8. TLC Match (EWR championship #1 contendership) Excess vs Jake Matthews w/Lollipop vs "X-treem" Dave Silva vs The Arsenal
30 ::: Welcome to Welloak (????) ::: Five friends accidentally get lost whilst hiking in the mountains, as night falls they inadvertently stumble across the isolated community of Welloak...will they make it out again with their lives and if they do how will they live with what they have seen? Five friends accidentally get lost whilst hiking on their annual mountain trip, as night falls they inadvertently get lost and stumble across the isolated community of Welloak...will they make it out again with their lives and if they do how will they live with what they have seen?
31 ::: Pioneers of the West (1927) ::: Caught by the Piutes, pony Express Rider Dick Carter falls in love with pretty Dorothy Earle, who belongs to that seemingly endless supply of white girls kidnapped in childhood and raised by Indians. Unfortunately, Dorothy is promised to Bud Osborne, described in a title as "a renegade white who dominates the simple minds of the savage horde." Does Dorothy succeed in taking her own life rather than face an uncertain future with evil Bud? Or does the stalwart Dick rescue her in time?
32 ::: The Message of Hope (1923) ::: Ethel Lee, a young social worker for the Charity Organization Society, brings hope to those living in poverty and suffering from tuberculosis. The unsanitary conditions under which these people live and work are shown. Ethel is determined to help the society raise the necessary funds to construct a tuberculosis hospital. Dr. Blank, a physician who also works with the poor, proposes marriage, but Ethel refuses to consider his offer until the money is raised. Ethel persuades Joy, Blank's sister, to emulate her brother and herself in helping the poor become useful citizens, and Joy obtains from her mother and Mr. Weber, a banker to whom she is secretly engaged, the funds necessary for the hospital. Ethel is then free to accept Blank's proposal.
33 ::: Jose Jiminez Discovers America (1968) ::: Actor/comedian Bill Dana, as his character Jose Jimenez, travels across the USA from coast to coast, seeing everything from fishing villages in Massachusetts to Pennsylania Dutch festivals in Pennsylvania to Shakespeare festivals in New York City to ancient Indian ruins in New Mexico, and a lot of other things in between.
34 ::: Mafia Heaven (????) ::: A Las Vegas Mafioso cons his way into Heaven and convinces god to let his crew clean up Las Vegas. Vinnie Forgetaboutit Russo and his family, use their knowledge of the underworld to steer many sinners to heaven the devil ,noticing a rapid drop in clientele ,sends his own agents to sabotage their work. A Las Vegas Mafioso cons his way into Heaven and convinces God to let his mob clean up Las Vegas. Vinnie and his "family" use their knowledge of the underworld to steer many sinners to Heaven. The Devil, noticing a rapid drop in his clientčle, sends his own agents to sabotage their work. Vinnie "Forget-about-it" Russo is a Chicago crime boss who is loved by his "family" and respected in the community for being one of the more levelheaded and "fair" Mafiosos. And Vinnie truly is a good guy, they will handle all the complaints clean up Las Vegas.
35 ::: In Our Lifetime (2017) ::: Betrayal. Deception. Mayhem. The average teen may not embody these words, but the inhabitants of Roosevelt Middle School do just that. This teen soap opera, based in Atlanta, GA, revolves around 12 main characters. These characters deal with intense competition, conflicts, and friendships as they struggle to make the emotional transition from adolescence to young adulthood. These characters are as intriguing as they are diverse. Several even possess hidden secrets. Even the most seemingly normal character will be plagued with the trials and tribulations of teen life. Oh, yeah and they have fun too.
36 ::: By Their Own Hand: Police Suicides (1991) ::: New York City Police officers expose themselves to relentless and bombardment from the city and it's citizenry. This constant emotional roller-coaster can take an unimaginable toil, with some officers taking their own lives in an attempt to escape.
37 ::: Snow (2017/II) ::: Müzeyyen is a young woman who lives a drug-fuelled, chaotic life outside the norms of society. Her brother Ali interrupts his own successful, bourgeois life in Bolu, and goes to Antalya to meet with his recently- discovered sister. There, the legitimate child - Ali - will be tested through unguessed - at sins, while the illegitimate one - Müzeyyen - will be tempted in turn by Ali's hope.
38 ::: Love Inn Exile (2000) ::: Shy bookworm Tommy vacations in Palm Springs, never expecting an amorous adventure. But once he spots Brendan, he can't stop fantasizing about being with the sensuous, dark-haired man. However, Brendan's friends have their own ideas, and continue to pull him into their orgy of alcohol and sex. Finally alone at the pool, Brendan approaches Tommy and they spend an afternoon exploring the desert town and each other. Just as Tommy saves Brendan from a poolside accident, Brendan's friends come back - and try to force the two apart. True love conquers all, as Tommy's vacation climaxes in a passionate declaration of love and desire. LOVE INN EXILE boasts several unforgettable erotic scenes - including the strangely tender, drunken ménage a trois between Brendan's friends, a spicy tequila shot off Brendan's shoulder, and, of course, Tommy's ultimate fulfillment by his ideal man. LOVE INN EXILE is filmed entirely on location at Inn Exile in Palm Springs. With music by adult film star Sharon Kane, this video makes exile seem like a perfectly good punishment!
39 ::: "Voyna na zapadnom napravlenii" (1990) ::: The film is based on the famous work of I. Stadnyuk. The screenwriters set out their version of the role of the Soviet leadership and Stalin personally in the defeats of the summer of 1941, when the USSR Armed Forces were in a critical situation after the German attack. The series shows the destinies of many people, from the ordinary, who committed their feats, to the commanders who, sparing themselves, contributed to the defense of Motherland, to victory over the enemy. In the center of the plot is the fate of General Chumakov, one of those Soviet commanders who, despite everything, led the resistance of German aggression. The film ends with pictures of one of the first successful offensive operations of the Red Army under Yelnya.
40 ::: Les Fripiat (1987) ::: Pierriot, a little boy, leaves his Public Housing Project to spend a holiday on the "Hélčne", a canal boat. It would be a welcome break for him if the atmosphere on the barge was relaxed. But it is far from being the case, for Ferdinand Fripiat, the bossy infirm father, is in permanent conflict with his two sons, Rick and José. And young Pierrot, who has grown fond of Ferdinand, will become involved - unwillingly - in the escalation rising ...
41 ::: Hyaku iro megane (2003) ::: A man bent on finding out the real name of the actress Kaede Katsuragi recruits a young man, Amagi, to discover her true identity. But as Amagi befriends the actress and she begins to invite him to her house daily, he discovers through a peephole in the wall of her house that she has another, mysterious side of her that only comes out at night.
42 ::: "Bride vs. Bride" (2006) ::: Rebekah & Steve Rebekah and Steve also used the internet to connect. After meeting online they shared a magical first date and have known they would always be together ever since. They are die hard Harry Potter fans who enjoy travelling together and are always up for a new adventure. Maid of honour Becca, and best man John, the bride's brother, are a couple as well and here to share in the good times! Sabrina & Max Sabrina and Max were both unlucky in love until fate stepped in and they met on a dating website. It was love at first type. Max keeps Sabrina laughing through the hard times and Sabrina lights up the world with her smile according to Max. High school buddy and best man Eitan and triathelete maid of honour Lizzy round out this group of best friends who are definitely here to win.
43 ::: Breakfast Klub the DocKumentary (2005) ::: In 2003, The Breakfast Klub became one of Houston's best kept secrets. By 2005, business was booming. With intriguing dishes such as katfish and grits and wings and waffles, visitors from across the country have taken notice. Tieuel Legacy! follows the man behind the plan.
44 ::: The Bridges That Built London (2012) ::: Presented by Dan Cruickshank: Between Richmond and the North Sea, thirty bridges cross the Thames. They carry people across a stretch of river 35 miles long, bringing together a population of nearly eight million. These extraordinary structures have been the making of London, Britain's capital, and according to Dan Normal, Europe's greatest city.
45 ::: Shelter Me: Partners for Life (2015) ::: "Shelter Me: Partners for Life" is hosted by Jon Hamm and features country music icon Emmylou Harris and the incredible work she's doing to help at-risk youth and homeless pets in her community. There's also a moving animated segment about fostering pets and a story about law enforcement agencies that recruit shelter dogs for their prestigious K9 units.
46 ::: Da Vinci Code Decoded (2004) ::: This documentary exploration of Dan Brown's novel The Da Vinci Code, answers questions: What exactly was Leonardo da Vinci trying to tell us in his coded paintings? Was Jesus married to Mary Magdalene? Who were the Knights Templar? What is the secret of the mysterious church at Rennes-le-Château? What is the Priory of Sion? What secret did the real life Sauničre know that threatened the Church? What are the Gnostic Gospels? Did Roman emperors rewrite the New Testament to control the population?
47 ::: "El Acabose" (2017) ::: In the summer of 2017, every single bit of information on Planet Earth was stored on a virtual space known as The Cloud. One day, a storm started within The Cloud, causing all the data to physically fall onto the planet. Every secret was exposed. Couples broke. Businesses went under. Tensions between countries rose. Everyone started fighting everyone. And on top of it all, Donald Trump accidentally hit the nuke button. It was the end. The last straw. "El Acabose". Almost a decade after "El Acabose" happened, on a near-depopulated Earth, with what's left of mankind abandoned to its own devices, a group of survivors led by José Mota broadcasts a television program to whoever could be watching, in hopes of allowing people to know what civilization used to be like.
48 ::: "Priceless" (2012) ::: Originally a mid-level manager with a promising future in a big corporation, the life of this elite employee changes dramatically one day. Having attracted the attention of his superiors for some reason, he is framed for a crime which he knows nothing of and forced out of the workplace. Even after that, he is assailed by a series of surprises and in one day, he loses his house, wealth and handphone until he is without a cent to his name. At his wits end, he comes to a park where he encounters two children. Learning from them how to survive even if he does not have money, he somehow weathers this crisis and discovers the truly important and priceless things in life.
49 ::: Jump In: The Movie (2013) ::: "In taking risks, there are no guarantees". Jump In is a movie about a single mother and recent law school graduate, determined to pass the Bar exam when she is blindsided by the unthinkable; the experience changes her, coloring the lives of those closest to her, in a story of hope, love and forgiveness.
50 ::: The Lazy Desperation (2006) ::: Albania, June 2006. We are hosted by a dim and opalescent light, which gets in the way of the curiosity of our eyes. The more we move inland toward Tirana, the more the dust rises from the street; then the dust mingles with the exhaust gases of a traffic which is desperately trying to mock the uproar we are used to in Europe. Fifteen years have elapsed since the first waves of ships and boats filled with Albanians escaping from desolation reached Italy, the close coasts of Apulia. They were refugees escaping from a disconcerting poverty and an oppressive socialism which forbid everything in a Country, ridiculously militarized, where nobody could leave and nobody could enter. The new democratic political order bursts out in a crazy rush toward an elusive economic welfare, admired through old tv-sets tuned on Italian tv stations. Albania, one of the poorest Country on earth, visited by Christ, then Allah and finally Mao, now feels European.
51 ::: Jasper, Texas (2003) ::: In 1998, three white men in the small town of Jasper, Texas, chained a black man to the back of their pickup truck and dragged him to his death. This film relates that story and how it affected all of the residents of the town, both black and white.
52 ::: Perfect Pie (2002) ::: On the invitation of her childhood best friend Patsy McCann née Willets, famed opera singer Francesca Prine - whose real name is Marie Beck - returns to Marmora, Ontario to sing in a benefit concert. Patsy and Marie were best friends from the time Marie and her family arrived in Marmora when she was ten years old to the time she left Marmora at age fifteen, which was thirty years prior. With the exception of Don Rayford on who Marie had a crush, Patsy was shy Marie's only friend in Marmora. However, Marie and Patsy have not been in touch since due to issues that drove Marie out of town at the time. Those issues include Marie being physically abused by her alcoholic mother, but most specifically what happened the evening of the Sadie Hawkins dance - where Don accompanied Marie - and post dance down by the railroad tracks. Marie and Patsy's reunion may not be able to endure the thirty years of silence and the events of that night.
53 ::: Partners in Time (1946) ::: Squire Skimp has a new plan to swindle the people of Pine Ridge. However, Lum has something more important on his mind. He has to tell a young engaged couple on the verge of breaking up the story of how the Jot 'em Down store first started (through flashbacks). Based on characters from the popular "Lum and Abner" radio program of the time.
54 ::: Manje' (2007) ::: How far are you willing to go for love? Nine friends decide to vacation in one of the most rural locations in the country in an attempt to end the mourning period of one of their beloved. Krista is dealing with the recent death of her father and relies on Marc for comfort and protection. Unbeknownst to them a tenth member has joined the festivities, but with less joyous ideas in mind. When their friends start dying, Marc and Krista must unravel an old mystery to avoid becoming victims themselves.
55 ::: "Caught" (2002) ::: Tom Capano, a Wilmington, Deleware lawyer, was accused of killing Anne Marie Fahey, scheduling secretary for Delaware Gov. Tom Carper. It was said he stuffing her body into a large insulated cooler and tossed it into the Atlantic Ocean off New Jersey. After a 2 1/2 year investigation gathering evidence to bring Capano to trail, he was convicted of the murder in 1999 without a body being recovered.
56 ::: Manhole Children (2009) ::: The Soviet Union's fall in the early 1990s forced Mongolia to make a sudden transition to a capitalist economy. This rapid introduction of a free market produced overwhelming economic confusion, causing unprecedented levels of unemployment and plunging nearly half the population into poverty. By the winter of 1998, thousands of abandoned children were living under the streets of the capitol, Ulan Bator. With winter temperatures as low as 40 degrees below zero, the manholes provide access to a vast network of steam pipes that heat the city's homes, allowing the children to survive. Living literally underground in a lawless no man's land of theft and violence, the children form packs in order to stay alive. Shot over ten years, the film traces the lives of Boldoo, Dashaa, and Oyun, three of these "manhole children," who reach adulthood while living on the street.
57 ::: Brian (????) ::: "Brian" is a family drama about Danny Mancini, a vulgar, unscrupulous, ruthless restaurant owner who reluctantly takes in his Autistic teenage nephew, Brian after Brian's mother dies from a drug overdose. Danny, normally one step ahead of everybody and everything, finds that's all about to change with Brian. While taking daily criticism from his ex-wife, Elizabeth who can't help still loving Danny despite her spewing hatred of him, Danny is also dealing with his son, Charlie, who intends to follow in his father's footsteps...much to Danny's dismay. It isn't long before Charlie grows jealous of Brian and Danny's growing relationship. Complications ensue when Danny learns that due to Brian's parents' drug use during the pregnancy, Brian not only developed Autism, but his heart is smaller than normal and is prone to occasional seizures. Despite his health issues, Brian manages to remind Danny what used to be more important to him in life, bringing a warmth to Danny's estranged family, bringing them closer together. "Brian" is a story about how an underestimated, sweet Autistic boy is able to open a close minded man's eyes and reuniting an estranged family, helping them learn to depend on each other as they had before, growing to be a family once again.
58 ::: Sin of Lust (1976) ::: Carlotta and her male partner are newspaper advertised sex surrogates who make house calls. When a husband who can't satisfy his wife hires Carlotta, he is surprised by her relaxed casual suggestion to have unprotected oral and anal sex in order to help him. He indeed manages to bring her the orgasm he couldn't give his wife. Satisfied, he comes clean to his wife and counters her anger by asking her to schedule a session with Carlotta's male partner. Carlotta is then hired by a whole couple. They too are surprised when she asks them to demonstrate an intercourse, while she first just commentates and then also casually fully joins them. The first wife indeed meets up with Carlotta's male partner, who quickly suggests having sex with her and even slaps her butt during the act. Later on, the first couple invites a third couple over and can't help demonstrating on them the new moves the sex surrogates taught them. The second couple arrives moments later and joins the sex orgy as well. The film ends with the first husband suggesting the frustrated couples in the audience to hire sex surrogates, followed by Carlotta and her male partner having a chat about their day.
59 ::: The Saphead (1920) ::: Nick Van Alstyne owns the Henrietta silver mine and is very rich. His son Bertie is naive and spoiled. His daughter Rose is married to shady investor Mark. Mark wrecks Bertie's wedding plans by making him take the blame for Mark's illegitimate daughter. Mark also nearly ruins the family business by selling off Henrietta stock at too low a price. Bertie, of all people, must come to the rescue on the trading floor.
60 ::: Philanthropy Inc (2009) ::: When big business meets big charity, the partnership can be very profitable for both. At the same time this modern-day alliance presents interesting ethical questions about the nature of corporate altruism. Philanthropy Inc. tells the story of this new phenomenon using three case studies involving three of the world's largest corporations and three of the world's largest charities. Each story is an example of how the partnership of business and charity can work, and sometimes not work. Philanthropy, Inc., explores the ethical questions by taking them to the people who know this issue best. We speak to the leaders at the forefront of the movement and examine high profile case studies involving some of North America's corporate giants like Coca-Cola, Wal-Mart and General Mills.
61 ::: Challenging Heaven (2014) ::: In August 1945, at the tail end of WW2, a young GI, a Chinese language expert, is flown over the roof of the world into China. His name is Sidney Rittenberg. Rittenberg is an idealist. On his discharge from the army, he decides to stay on. It's the start of a strange and dangerous adventure. He makes contact with some young Chinese - idealists like himself -- who are working for the revolutionary leader, Mao Zedong and against the military dictatorship of Generalissimo Chiang Kaishek. One of these young revolutionaries is a beautiful girl called Yulin. As Civil War looms, Rittenberg gets more and more deeply committed. American foreign policy is ostensibly to broker a peace between Mao and Chiang. In reality, America is backing Chiang's utterly corrupt regime in the belief that the Generalissimo is bound to win a Civil War. But Mao is also looking West, towards America. Rittenberg becomes directly involved in these secret overtures. He dreams of becoming a bridge between America a new China. But nobody in Washington is really listening. In scenes with General Marshall and President Truman we see how America stumbled yet again into a disastrous foreign policy blunder. Rittenberg treks north, to Mao's base in Yan'an. He meets Mao. Mao gives him a job. He also hooks up again with Yulin. They fall in love. They marry. Civil War erupts. Rittenberg and Yulin are with Mao as he inflicts defeat after defeat on Chiang's forces. America has backed the wrong horse. As Mao's army claims victory and the Generalissimo flees the country, Rittenberg's dream is still alive. He is ordered to Beijing. He believes that this is his moment. It's a cruel deception. After America had ignored Mao's overtures, the Chinese saw no choice but to renew their old alliance with the Russians. On orders from Moscow, Rittenberg is arrested as an American spy. He experiences for himself the dark and deadly side of the movement to which he has pledged his full allegiance: the nightmare of the Chinese Communist penal system. On Stalin's death, in 1953, Rittenberg is released. He stays in China. He stays with Yulin. All this is true. It is historical fact. And Sidney Rittenberg is still going strong, at 93 - a living witness to the revolution that changed the world and that we see, in this movie, for the first time, from a completely fresh perspective.
62 ::: Rosetta (1999) ::: The first scene, like almost all others, is a fighting scene. A girl, about 18, is sacked from her factory work because her trial period is over. The girl, Rosetta, is quite upset and the cops will have to arrive to get her out. She has her reasons: she lives in a caravan, with her alcoholic mother. She goes looking for work as some go to the war. Treasons, murders are in her mind, if not in her acts.
63 ::: Karussell (2016) ::: Ten episodes tell the stories of ten encounters involving a male hooker, an actor, a cleaning lady, a female theater director, a male kindergarten teacher, a poetess, a publisher, a woman, who is a lawyer, a male puppeteer and a female make-up artist. The whole circle is triggered by the off-chance meeting of the poetess and the puppeteer on an overnight bus to Vienna, where the puppeteer succeeds in persuading the poetess to stay for a day in Vienna. All the encounters take place in one day and after 24 hours they meet again, but their lives have changed.
64 ::: Bez strakha (1971) ::: A Bolshevik army officer and Uzbek who has been nursed back to health by a young Uzbek woman to whom he is now married, gains responsibility for the local village in 1929. He is urged by comrades in Tashkent to have the local women drop their chadors and veils but he is also told that he should not force this on anyone. His wife declines to take off her veil, so a 14 year old girl steps forward to set the example, over the objections of the local Muslim clergy and most of the village men. After the girl is killed, and the commissar is shot, his wife takes him to the hills to nurse him back to health once again. She begs her husband to leave the village. Instead when he decides to return, she is pressured by her father to continue to wear the veil.
65 ::: S lyubov i nezhnost (1978) ::: The sculptor Hristo spends years working on his masterpiece - an enormous metal construction, representing the spirit of a modern era. He lives far away from the noise and hassle, in a self-chosen exile by the sea. His difficult faith befalls Lote - the loving and silent wife of the artist. The anglers of the village are compassionate and they help them. One morning guests from the capital arrive. They want to buy the unfinished art piece at any price. The moment is dramatic. The artist wants to finish what he has started but Lote knows that he is possessed by this piece and he will never finish it. One must decide. Hristo is still not sure. Little Patricia came with her parents to visit the artist. Her look turns into a moral judge for the adults. With pain and suffering, Hristo gives his creation away.
66 ::: "Of Many Things" (1953) ::: A discussion program covering a wide range of topics, e.g., the capture of the German U-Boat U-505 discussed by Admiral Dan Gallery, the captain of the ship that captured it, American popular music with Mitch Miller, etc.
67 ::: Barney: All About Opposites (2012) ::: There's nonstop fun as Barney and his friends go and learn all about opposites! Everyone helps Baby BopT understand concepts like up and down, in and out, high and low. Hey Diddle Diddle, the kids see that they can be big or little but it's what's inside that counts! Then join in as Barney and his friends have a cool time on a hot day in a pretend winter-summer wonderland learning about hot and cold! There's always Tee-riffic teaching and fun when big dinos and small friends are around!
68 ::: Barely Dead: The Saga of Modern Rollerblading (2008) ::: Film is about an underground culture that has grown beyond ethnic, economic and social boundaries- a culture brought together by a shared love for rollerblading. The film reveals why rollerblading culture is going to be the next great anti-establishment movement for the 21st century.
69 ::: Something About Ryan (2009) ::: "Something About Ryan" chronicles the misadventures of Ryan Nuzzolo, a live-at-home slacker from Staten Island, who doesn't want to grow up and move out of his parent's house. Ryan's lifestyle includes hanging in front of the TV, attending a community college, and partying all the time with his best friend and neighbor, Anthony. The problem is that Ryan doesn't look for trouble-it has a habit of finding him.
70 ::: Tim Minchin: So Live (2007) ::: Tim Minchin's live concert captured for this DVD, performed at the Sydney Opera House, in one of the smaller Studio Theatre rooms. This is an intimate show and the vibe within the venue is a little proper, but they do seem to enjoy themselves. Tim's act is a compilation of pieces from his successful stage shows Dark Side and So Rock, combining spoken stand-up routines with hilariously witty musical numbers on the piano - an instrument on which Tim is clearly more than adept. To my mind, Tim's comedic forte combines the 'rock' aspirations of Tenacious D with the supreme wit and cabaret-style musical flair of Neil Innes' Bonzo Dog Band. He's a fantastic musician, an intelligent, thought-provoking lyricist and a side-splittingly hilarious showman.
71 ::: Onward & Upward (2018) ::: For over one hundred years the 9 historically black fraternities and sororities of the National Pan-Hellenic Council have worked tirelessly to improve the lot of African-Americans, striving for equality, education, and full participation in American life. Those organizations include Alpha Phi Alpha, Alpha Kappa Alpha, Omega Psi Phi, Delta Sigma Theta, Kappa Alpha Psi, Sigma Gamma Rho, Phi Beta Sigma, Zeta Phi Beta, and Iota Phi Theta; together, these organizations have helped mold some of the most relevant and dynamic African-American leaders of our times. W.E.B. Dubois, Coretta Scott King, Jesse Jackson, Thurgood Marshall, Shirley Chisholm, Stokely Carmichael, John Lewis, Ralph David Abernathy, Rosa Parks, Andrew Young, and Martin Luther King, Jr. are among the countless men and women who crossed the burning sands. They pledged to uphold the light of excellence and serve the community through their respective fraternities and sororities. The history of these women and men is the history of America, and their place in leading African-American progress is unparalleled. This is the story of the divine 9's leadership and service.
72 ::: Challenger (1990) ::: This film profiles the astronauts, crew, and civilians who were involved in the January 28, 1986 flight of the space shuttle Challenger, that resulted in its explosion 73 seconds after takeoff. Center point of the film is the safety inspections and arguments surrounding the use of the o-rings that ultimately were blamed for the explosion. Film is lent authenticity by being filmed at the Johnson Space Center in Texas.
73 ::: Mini-Skirt Love (1967) ::: Billy is a teenager and enthusiastic photo hobbyist who takes pictures of his mother carrying on with another man, but is too naive to realize his mother is engaging in more than innocent horseplay. When he innocently shows his pictures to Daddy, he unwittingly starts a melee that ends in Daddy's accidental death and Mommy's mental collapse and confinement in a hospital. Enter Aunt Janet, Daddy's sister, to take care of Billy. Supposedly a frigid woman who "can't stand men", Aunt Janet is nevertheless loving and affectionate with young Billy, and when she sees the fatal snapshots, she even takes their relationship to the next level. But can their happy life together survive the return from hospital of a still-disturbed Mommy?
74 ::: Blue Car (2002) ::: Gifted 18-year-old Meg has been abandoned by her father and neglected by her hardworking mother. Left to care for her emotionally disturbed younger sister, her world begins to unravel. She finds an outlet in writing poetry and support from her English teacher, Mr. Auster. But what started out as a mentoring relationship begins to get a bit more complex.
75 ::: Kosztolányi Dezsö novellái: Lidike (????) ::: Mail <svaradi@sprynet.com> for translation. Kosztolanyi gyermekkorat idezi fel ebben az irasaban. Irodalomtorteneszek: Tarjan Tamas, Rez Pal, Karolyi Csaba beszelnek az irorol, palyajarol, a kolto es prozairo Kosztolanyirol, majd Balint Andras felolvassa az elbeszelest.
76 ::: Mexique mort ou vif (1996) ::: Terre de soleil, le Mexique est aussi terre de violence. Comme en témoigne Mario Rojas Alba, médecin et ancien député de l'opposition forcé de s'exiler ŕ Montréal aprčs avoir échappé ŕ un attentat. De retour au Mexique, il nous explique le comment du pourquoi des mécanismes de la répression politique et de la violence mexicaines.Ce film révčle le côté sombre de cet immense pays, avec lequel le Canada a resserré ses liens depuis l'entrée en vigueur de l'Accord de libre-échange nord-américain (ALÉNA) en janvier 1994. Une entente contestée par bon nombre de Mexicains, en particulier les autochtones du Chiapas qui se sont soulevés pour réclamer une société plus équitable et démocratique. Ŕ l'occasion de la Journée des morts, les familles et les amis rendent hommage ŕ la mémoire 'des disparus' et les veuves des opposants politiques assassinés portent des fleurs sur leurs tombes. Auprčs d'eux Mario Rojas réaffirme son engagement pour une transition pacifique vers une démocratie véritable. Il proclame son amour du pays natal oů, malgré l'incertitude politique, les fleurs repoussent chaque printemps. Thčmes: société, histoire, politique, luttes sociales, art et culture.
77 ::: Abandoned the Forgotten Ones (2018) ::: A feature film about Drug Addiction and the impact it has on children. Follow the life of a very successful businessman who grew up in a drug riddled home. Abused and Broken He makes a childhood promise that no kid in his town will suffer the way he did.
78 ::: Baby (2016/I) ::: Baby is a runaway teenager in trouble, and her last chance is a foster home with an old hippie couple that runs a dog sledding team. Baby comes to love the dogs and takes naturally to sledding, but when her boyfriend Bobby shows up she can't stop herself from running off with him and taking one of the puppies with her. Adapted from Joseph Monninger's successful Young Adult novel BABY.
79 ::: Backfire! (1995) ::: Just as Jeremy Jackson attempts to become the first male firewoman in New York, fires begin mysteriously erupting from toilets all over the City and Fire Marshal Marc Marshall is called in to investigate. From the start, Jeremy is heckled and sexually harassed by his tough as nails female cohorts including his instructor, the hard-boiled Lt. Shithouse. Jessica Luvintryst, Jeremy's old flame and the Mayor's very personal assistant, rekindles the fire in his eyes and between his thighs. Jeremy discovers trace jet fuel at the fire sites and soon becomes hot on the trail of The Most Evil Man and his diabolical scheme. In the tradition of Naked Gun, Backfire spoofs Backdraft.
80 ::: On Hostile Ground (2001) ::: A small number of healthcare professionals in this country have become targets in a civil war. They receive little public support for their work and face dedicated and unpredictable opponents. Their ranks are shrinking. On Hostile Ground enters the lives of three abortion providers to reveal the obstacles (practical, legal, and emotional) that they face everyday, and shows them struggle with the decision to perform this procedure. It allows providers who work on hostile ground to tell their stories by being themselves, without the help of a narrator. They reveal what their professional decision has done to their personal and family lives. While they each have their own stories, they are all driven more by personal experiences and spiritual beliefs than by political conviction. They each express anger, confusion, and resentment in their own way. By weaving together three very different character portraits, this documentary takes an unusual approach to a volatile social conflict, portraying abortion through the personal stories of those who are in mortal danger because they provide it.
81 ::: Crafting Your Career: How to Turn Your Hobby Into a Business (2005) ::: Priscilla Hauser took her hobby of decorative painting and made it into a career, at first by selling the things she made, and later by writing books about decorative painting and teaching it. Priscilla tells the story of how she created her business. She offers advice to viewers on how they turn their hobbies into a career as well. Many interviews with her family, friends, employees and former students are shown. Priscilla gives a brief demonstration of how to paint a rose.
82 ::: Kids Get Dead 2: The Kids Get Deader (2014) ::: Kids Get Dead 2: The Kids Get Deader is a return to the classic midnight movie slasher genre, featuring horror hostess Peaches McNeil (Samantha Glovin). Continuing where part one left off; after years of nightmares and therapy sessions, Casey (Leah Rudick) sets out to find the author of a mysterious novel that foretold the brutal murder of her brother at the hands of a masked maniac. Meanwhile, it's all boobs, blood and rock 'n' roll for a group of teenagers at a house party, except for Brian (Bradley Creanzo) who is buried in Charles Carver's (Steve Buja) latest novel. When the crazed Killer (Alexander Kollar) returns to slaughter their sexcapades with blood-splattering similarity found within the books pages, Brian and Casey struggle to unseal their own fates described in the novel before it's too late. Are they just characters in a story, living out the brutal fantasies of a mad man? Or can free will save them from the clutches of a gruesome destiny?
83 ::: Le complexe de la salamandre (2015) ::: A glass frame, some wax wings, a tale sculpted in dust on the glass, a mask of bees wings. The artist, Patrick Neu lives alone in a remote island village to the north of the Vosges, far from all of the central focal points of the world of art. He creates slowly and carefully with the patience inherited from the primitive Flemish artists, which whom he dialogues explicitly in works that border the ephemeral and tend towards a rare perfection. One day, the director of the Tokyo Palace in Paris pays him a visit: after following his work for fifteen years, he wants to commission him with his first individual exhibition. He accepts but will not change his method in any way. In the background, the old truth of the salamander, above all, an artist should be able to hide and keep his mystery.
84 ::: One Window Will Suffice (2016) ::: Narges and her mother live in an apartment in Tehran. Despite her mother being very traditional, Narges wants a modern life. This issue ignites many conflicts and problems between them, which ultimately put them at a distance. Narges, who is suffering from depression and has obsessive tendencies, also hides her relationship with her boyfriend from her mother. Their emotional turmoil, combined with feelings of guilt and depression, leads her into a dangerous situation.
85 ::: "Belligerent Drunks and Paranoid Stoners" (2011) ::: Four friends chasing a similar dream living in one house in L.A. They eventually take a nose dive into regularity, and realize just how tough it is to "make it in L.A." With drugs and alcohol fueling their child-like mentality, the boys get in over their heads with each new adventure.
86 ::: Number 13 (2006) ::: In order to authenticate some historical papers in a cathedral town, Oxbridge academic Anderson stays at a local hotel in room 12, initially disregarding the lack of a number 13 as provincial superstition. During the night, noise conspires to keep him awake and the historian is astonished to come face to face with door number 13. Continuing his work, a history of a reformation era witchcraft scandal emerges. The nocturnal disturbances escalate, leading Anderson with no choice but to open the door to room number 13...
87 ::: The Infiltrators (????) ::: A tight team of three young "recreational trespassers" - law student Abby, dropout daredevil Jay and wheelchair bound tech whiz Milton - hire themselves out to people who want to get into places they're not supposed to be in.
88 ::: Una película de gente que mira películas (2012) ::: Pablo has seen the Wall 37 times. Rudolf is a Rambo fan. Marco, instead, enjoys Bergman's cinema. Miguel sings a tango from "El Polaco" Goyeneche, while Garrido plays out scenes from The Godfather. Manu is a film director. Norita holds the record number of rented movies in the Video Store, and all of the above are also part of it in one way or another. In Cinema, more than in other artistic activity, the connection between the art and the public is passive but decisive. Una película de gente que mira películas takes place in a video store in Buenos Aires, where a group of clientes shoots a film, so they can quit being spectators and became filmmakers. In the voices of this seven characters, the film explores the different possibilities of the seventh art in order to reflect in visual terms and stands as a symbolic construction of reality. Gathered to see what they have shot, the film returned them to the place of spectators, thus creating a point of view through which the film observes them.
89 ::: Antarctica in Decline (2017) ::: In this VR experience, users can interact with penguins, explore topographically accurate landscapes and experience the collapse of the Larsen C ice shelf. Other elements include a replica of the shack made from the remains of the Endurance after it was shipwrecked 100 years ago. In this structure users will find maps, data and photographs of the area and a walker-talkie with a mysterious message from one of the first Antarctic explorers, Sir Ernest Shackleton (his actual voice). If the landscape is explored extensively, users will come across a video report of the area presented by the scientists of the British Antarctic Survey.
90 ::: The Spirit (1987) ::: When Denny Colt, detective for the Central City Police Department, survives an assassination attempt by criminals, he is still believed by the public to be dead. He decides to use to his advantage, since being "dead", he isn't subject to the rules that bind regular cops. To this end, he equips an abandoned tomb in a graveyard into a residence and headquarters and prepares for a new career. With that, he becomes the Spirit, a mysterious crime fighter whose only costume is a blue business suit, fedora hat and a little eye mask. His first major case pits him against P'Gell, a femme fatal who has criminal designs on the city.
91 ::: Cupid's Requiem (2012) ::: Will Powell rouses himself awake from a deep sleep. He lights a cigarette then slowly meanders into the next room where his ex-girlfriend, Andrea Wilson, is duct taped to a chair. He sits across from her as though this is a completely sane manner in which to explore their recently broken relationship, and he and begins to tell her how much he misses her and wants her back. What follows is a journey into their failed relationship. It is a funny, poignant, visceral retrospective. The verbal war the two wage ultimately reveals two equally flawed and damaged young people whose relationship sadly served only to enhance and magnify their respective imperfections.
92 ::: Guney Afrika'nin Vahsi Dogasi (2016) ::: A Turkish film crew discovers the diverse wildlife of South Africa for the Turkish TV audience. From the great white sharks of the Seal Island to the meerkats of the Kalahari, symbolic or little know wildlife aspects of South Africa are brought to screen. Focusing on the social structures, behaviors, reproduction and hunting strategies of the animals, Guney Afrika'nin Vahsi Dogasi covered most of South Africa to discover and film birds, mammals, fish and spectacular landscapes.
93 ::: The Bride Was Seven (2007) ::: In this film, correspondent Lisa Ling journeys to Ethiopia for a revealing exploration of child marriage. The consequences of early marriage are die: it puts young girls at risk through the hazards to early childbirth, exposes them to the violence abusive husbands and prevents them from attending school and getting an education. But Ethiopia is working hard to change this harmful tradition. Lisa finds poignant personal stories of courage and hope, as she meets brave girls and young women who are taking the extraordinary step of seeking alternatives to the tradition of early marriage. By learning to stand up for their rights girls are taking their future into their own hands.
94 ::: OLAKH-my identity (2015) ::: Olakh (My Identity) is a heart-wrenching story of a wrestler Sanjay. Despite being abnormal by birth, a normal kid`s upbringing is given to him. His maternal uncle trains him in wrestling and makes him physically strong and tough. Even then, Sanjay keeps avoiding his good friend Vandana as she falls in love with him. His late father, a police constable wanted his child to be a police officer. Despite Sanjay`s maternal uncle`s objection, his mother convinces him to apply for the job and sends him for the selection process. During tough physical tests, Sanjay proves his mental fitness. But his abnormality is revealed at the time of medical test. The selection officers throw him out. His colleagues and fellow villagers make fun of him. Media maligns his name big time. Sanjay comes to Mumbai with his mother and fights a battle in the court against the system, with the help of Vandana. Listening to Sanjay`s plight, his mother, his maternal uncle and many others, the court acknowledges his rights, especially his identity and dignity.
95 ::: "My Brother's Keeper: A Drama Series" (2006) ::: The socially conscious indie drama series returns for Season 3 to explore the social, political and interpersonal issues of twenty-somethings living in communities in Los Angeles, New York City, Atlanta and Miami.
96 ::: "Showcase" (2015) ::: Jason Thompson presents a selection of some of the best of the regions bands, musicians, festivals and music videos. Showcase is the place to see who is worth watching in the North East music scene, and each show features a mixture of location reports, interviews and specially selected music videos. Jason Thompson presents a selection of some of the best of the regions bands, musicians, festivals and music videos. Showcase is the place to see who is worth watching in the North East music scene, and each show features a mixture of location reports, interviews and specially selected music videos. Jason previously presented and produced Introducing on Radio Northumberland, a show that ran to well over 50 editions, each featuring a musician or band with local connections, and based around in-depth interviews, selected tracks and exclusive, specially recorded studio and live sessions. Jason's other radio show was Widescreen on Basic FM, which, in collaboration with The Tyneside Cinema, reviewed and featured the best of the current cinema features, and included interviews with Mike Figgis, Thomas Dolby and Joshua Oppenheimer. Jason is passionate about live music, and has performed in a number of local bands as a singer, guitarist and drummer. he also promotes live music events, including Live At The Argyle Rooms, his own house-gigs which have featured performances by Beccy Owen, Matt Stalker and Fables, Bridie Jackson and The Arbour, 3 at Sea, Sharks Took The Rest and many other renowned local bands. Jason is Director of Sound Ideas Media, an independent digital media production company, specialising in documentary and promotional film, photography and web site projects.
97 ::: Cinderelas, Lobos e Um Príncipe Encantado (2009) ::: Around 900 thousand people are trafficked a year for international borders only for sexual exploitation. However, despite all the dangers, young Brazilian women to enter the world of sex tourism, believe that they will change their lives and their dream of finding a Charming Prince. A minority find a great love and get married. The film goes from the Brazilian Northeast to Berlin seeking to understand the sexual as well racial imaginary and power of young southern Cinderellas and northern wolves.
98 ::: It's All in Your Mind (1938) ::: Wilbur Crane is a meek, mild-mannered bookkeeper who no longer finds his wife, Martha, attractive and sets out for a little fling among the fast crowd while looking for love in all the wrong places. Dorothy, a gold-digger first class, and her business-manager friend, Danny, oblige him. Through camera angles,"art" photos, some semi-nudity, special camera-effects (by Ray Mercer), and strange interludes in Wilbur's mind, and off-screen voices, long-time poverty-row b-western director Bernard B. Ray embarks on the exploitation trail.
99 ::: The Ouija Experiment 2: Theatre of Death (2015) ::: A fun filled weekend turns deadly when a group of unsuspecting theatre goers are trapped inside, after a ravenous spirit is resurrected and released from a Ouija board. They must confront their most terrifying fears and destroy the spirit before it finds and kills them first.
100 ::: Wohin und zurück - Teil 3: Welcome in Vienna (1986) ::: In the conclusion of Axel Corti's trilogy (following God Does Not Believe In Us Anymore and Santa Fe) Freddy, a Viennese Jew who emigrated to New York after Hitler's invasion, and Adler, a left-wing intellectual originally from Berlin, return to Austria in 1944 as soldiers in the U.S. Army. Freddy falls in love with the daughter of a Nazi, and Adler attempts to go over to the Communist Zone. But with the advent of the Cold War and continuing anti-semitism, the idealism of both characters is shattered as they find themselves surrounded by cynicism, opportunism, and universal self-deception. This acclaimed, brilliant work is one of the great films of all time.
101 ::: Squeeze Take Me I'm Yours (2012) ::: Glenn Tilbrook and Chris Difford, the men behind Squeeze have been called everything from 'the new Lennon and McCartney' to the 'Godfathers of Brit Pop'. Now thirty five years after their first record release, Squeeze Take Me I'm Yours reappraises the song-writing genius of Difford and Tilbrook, and shows why Squeeze hold a special place in British Popular music. 'Take Me I'm Yours' is the story of Chris Difford and Glenn Tilbrook, two working class kids from South East London, who in 1974 formed 'Squeeze', with the dream of one day appearing on Top of The Pops. In 1978 they achieved that dream when the single Take Me I'm Yours, gave the band the first of a string of top twenty hits. The period 1978-1982 saw the group release a run of classic singles, timeless gems such as, Cool For Cats, Up the Junction, Labelled with Love, Tempted and Pulling Mussels from a Shell to name but a few. Although the line up of Squeeze would go through various changes of personal (another founder member Jools Holland would leave during 1980 and then later re-join the group in 85) it is Difford and Tilbrook's songs that have remained the constant throughout the lifetime of the band. Chris Difford and Glenn Tilbrook tell us the how the came to write and record many of their greatest songs. Although their relationship at times has often been tenuous at best, the mutual admiration for each other's talent has produced some of the best songs of the past forty years.
102 ::: Keeping Clean and Neat (1956) ::: A detailed look into how one should stay clean and neat, but most of which are completely unnessary: How to lather until all the soap is out of your hair, polish your shoes, put things away, brush your hair at least 100 times, make sure all articles of your clothing are perfect and clean, and learn how to "mistrust your own taste."
103 ::: Brothers Hypnotic (2013) ::: For the eight young men in the Hypnotic Brass Ensemble, "brotherhood" is literal: they're all sons of anti-establishment jazz legend, Phil Cohran. Cohran and their mothers raised them together on Chicago's South Side on a strict diet of jazz, funk and Black Consciousness. Family band practice began at 6 AM. Now grown, as they raise eight brass horns to the sky, they make music that is at once indescribably joyful, unremittingly exciting, and undeniably together. But as the brothers try to make their own way in the wide world-while playing in the streets of New York City, collaborating with Mos Def, or wowing a jazz festival-they find the values their father bred into them constantly tested. They must decide whether his principles really are their own. Brothers Hypnotic is a coming of age story, for eight brothers, and for an ideal.
104 ::: Superposition (2007) ::: Superposition is an adventurous exploration of the territory that lies between live and recorded performance. The film records three complete performances of a dance solo (National Ballet of Canada), each through a colored filter - red, green, and blue - and then superimposes them to reveal subtle variations and surprising correspondences. Visually striking and conceptually daring, Superposition exposes the paradox of precision in live performance.
105 ::: Unser Leben, das Wunder - Dokumentation (2012) ::: This unique film takes you on a breathtaking journey to the most beautiful, graceful and wildest animals in the world. Experience how such clumsy animal babies discover the world. As different as all living organisms on our planet be - they all share the unfathomable 'miracle of life'. This documentation shows the fascinating wildlife shots in the most beautiful regions of the world - with sharp images thanks to high-definition movie technology.
106 ::: Jarum Halus (2008) ::: It is a modern-day adaptation of William Shakespeare's Othello. The film's title (Malay: "Fine Needle") is derived from a Malay idiom meaning web of deceit or conspiracy, which is a major theme in the plot of the film. The plot remains faithful to the source material, with the cast all taking their Shakespearian counterparts either in name, character or both.
107 ::: Sides (2007) ::: "Sides" The Boston-based Feature Length drama opens with a panorama of the diverse Boston architecture at night, reflecting a rippling mirror image on the Charles River. A view of Memorial Drive moves to Storrow, gliding around the harbor to Back Bay and finally resting at the colorful lights of the North End waterfront, where the sky is slowly illuminating with the glow of dawn. Al (Aly) Gianetti, a traditional Italian man approaching middle age, lies sleeping with his beautiful live-in girlfriend Gianna. As they softly awaken, their deep loving rest will soon be replaced with the frantic routine of Al's chosen career path. Al, an intense, bohemian actor with a brash, sarcastic sense of humor, is rushing out the door to attend a casting call where he will meet Cinthia (Cin). Meanwhile, we parallel the hurried preparations of Cin leaving her home for the same casting call. A pretty, well-organized, 30-something formally trained stage actress, Cinthia juggles her baby in one arm and her script in the other while bickering with her husband in this typical morning scene. Al introduces himself to Cinthia in the casting company waiting room, and despite their polar-opposite backgrounds and personalities, they are quickly drawn to each other. They begin to spend more time together, and in sharing common career goals and opening doors within themselves, the two strengthen their kinship as struggling actors in Boston. Long conversations and secret trysts, severe clashes and moments of undeniable chemistry reveal the complimentary nature of the two actors, both finding a passion in this relationship that is missing in their normal lives. At home, Al is the divorced father of 16-year-old Annalisa, who in her teenage vulnerability has fallen into a relationship with local street thug Tonio. Al constantly worries about his daughter, who is spending more and more time with Tonio and his gang. Additionally, there is a void growing between Al and Gianna, as she senses that he is becoming distracted and distant. Similar feelings of worry and mistrust can be found at Cinthia's house. Cin's husband Ben continues to express his disapproval of the unpredictable and unreliable lifestyle that her career has forced upon her, and their three-year-old daughter Brittney rarely sees her mother anymore. Each of these conflicts is unwittingly reinforced by Al and Cin's behavior, all of the emotional ups and downs rapidly escalating in raging intensity. In the end, both must accept the responsibility of making a choice that may be acceptable, but is difficult and vague of heart.
108 ::: That's Not My Dog! (2018) ::: THAT'S NOT MY DOG is a joyous comedy that celebrates our love of joke telling. The film centers around the lovable Shane Jacobson (playing himself) who is throwing a party. Invited are the funniest people Shane knows comprising of Australia's biggest stars along with several Australian music legends playing their biggest hits live, right throughout the party. The invite that goes out is clear. Don't bring meat. We'll provide the beer. Just come armed with nothing but the funniest jokes you've ever heard. Shane will take care of the rest. It'll be a night of great friends telling the world's funniest jokes over a beer and BBQ.
109 ::: Skutecny svet? (1998) ::: Meditative documentary about how a young Czech director sees buddhism and the people in Tibet and India. Near New Age look at the world with many colourful pictures and New Age music.
110 ::: "Liniya sveta" (2017) ::: Varya, an 18 year-old, lives with her parents in a closed religious community. Since the very childhood all they have been teaching her is working hard, believing sincerely, say prayers, and obey the will of the community's leader - His Holiness. This is her whom he wants to make his fourth wife. But neither violence, nor bullying by His Holiness' "elder" wives cannot break her morale. She escapes hoping to get the law after His Holiness in the greater world, though she knows nothing about life beyond the community. His Holiness gets his handy men to find the girl, for she is the living witness of his wrong-doings, moreover, he is deeply in love with her. Street law is violent and merciless to strangers, but life at the bottom of the heap transforms Varya from a weak and intimidated little girl into a strong, willful young woman. She is always one step ahead of her chasers, but is it enough to get her revenge on His Holiness, and withdraw her little sister from the community?
111 ::: Seeds of Change: The ECO Story (2008) ::: Canadian Biologist Dr. Larry Wang, along with fellow scientist and childhood friend Dr.Sam Chao, decide to give back to the land of their birth by restoring the silt-ridden Yangtze River to health. The winding waterway serves as a metaphor for their circular life journey as they return home to help subsistence farmers along the water's edge convert to more environmentally friendly and sustainable forest-based agriculture.
112 ::: Reverie Lane (2016) ::: Reverie Lane is a feature film adapted from the award-winning play, Reach, by Ryan Sprague. It tells the story of a woman dealing with the aftermath of tragedy. When a botched rescue attempt during a flooding accident occurs, Lindsey's husband is left in a coma. As more and more time floats away, she begins to lose her grip on reality and sinks deeper in to isolation. But when Jordan, an ex from her past re-emerges, her world changes in an instant. And they soon discover that they may in fact be each other's only hope from their own self destruction.
113 ::: Raggedy Man (1981) ::: It's 1944 in the small town of Gregory, Texas. Divorcée Nita Longley has been brought into the town by the telephone company to work as its switchboard operator, a job which requires her to be at the switchboard day and night. She was originally told by her boss Mr. Rigby that this job would only be a stepping-stone to a more lucrative job with regular working hours, which Mr. Rigby seems to be reneging on since he has now told her that her position is frozen due to the war. As such, Nita feels trapped by this situation. Nita lives in the telephone switchboard office building with her two sons, adolescent Harry and infant Henry. Because of her marital status, many of the townsfolk, especially the men, view Nita either with contempt or as a loose woman. One evening, Teddy Roebuck, a sailor on a four day furlough who is hitchhiking back to his home in Ardmore, Oklahoma, stops by to make a telephone call. When he learns that the reason for his trip home no longer exists, Teddy decides to stay in Gregory instead. Teddy strikes up a friendship with Nita and her two boys, which blossoms into love. The appearance of this stranger does not sit well with locals Calvin and Arnold, who had plans of having their way with loose Nita, who earlier rebuked their advances. The town's unidentified disfigured man, who Nita fears, may ultimately provide her with the ability to move on with her life. Nita, a divorced mother of two boys, is stuck working as a telephone operator in a small Texas town in World War II. Her friendship with a sailor on leave causes tongues to wag in town.
114 ::: All You Zombies: Bringing 'Predestination' to Life (2015) ::: This multi-part Making-of documentary offers notes from writers/directors Michael and Peter Spierig, producers Paddy McDonald and Tim McGahan, director of photography Ben Nott, special makeup effects designer Steve Boyle, production designer Matthew Putland, special makeup effects supervisor Samantha Lyttle, costume designer Wendy Cork, film editor Matt Villa, and actors Sarah Snook, Noah Taylor and Ethan Hawke. The documentary looks at the source and its adaptation, story/character areas, cast and performances, pre-production and design choices, costumes and makeup effects, sets and locations, visual effects, editing, stunts and action, music and connected areas.The documentary also covers the movie's creation in a concise, organized manner that takes us through the production in a positive manner.
115 ::: Social Life of Small Urban Spaces (1980) ::: This highly influential film in architecture and planning circles by William H. Whyte analyzes the success and failures of urban spaces. Observing the natural order of spaces and the way people move through them, Whyte provides an intuitive critique of urban spaces and ways these spaces can be improved.
116 ::: The Way of the Willow (1981) ::: From the dust jacket: A poignant drama presents the problems faced by a family of Vietnamese boat people as they first settle into a North American community. Frm the processing center to their meetings with sponsors, landlords and shopkeepers, the Tran family must cope with the difficulties of language, climate, bigotry, and personal tragedy. The sponsors, too, come to realize the extent of their commitment to provide for a refugee family. when a major crisis occurs, the two families are drawn together and find a common denominator through which they can communicate.
117 ::: Gina's Life (2015) ::: The documentary focuses on a young woman named Gina. Gina is struggling with pressing, and painful family issues. Her story takes you into the world of a woman who shares personal pain about the child abuse she suffered from her stepfather, her lifestyle, the heartbreaking removal of her children from her home due to family lies. You will witness a very heart-wrenching story that will keep you watching, and rooting for Gina.
118 ::: Song to Say Goodbye (2006) ::: A 9 years old boy is peering over the steering wheel as he drives down a Los Angeles Freeway. The young boy looks after a middle aged man, presumably his father, sitting at the back of the car. A concerned looking child who is struggling to deal with a parent with serious mental health problems.
119 ::: Finish Line (2008) ::: Minor league stock car racer Mitch Camponella gets closer to his NASCAR dreams when he's hired as private mechanic to a millionaire importer. But Mitch's ambition comes with a heavy price when he realizes that his new boss is a smuggler who's using Mitch as a pawn in a deadly illegal arms trade.
120 ::: Different (1999) ::: Different is the story of a woman with a traumatic brain injury, (Annabeth Gish), and her mentally challenged husband, who have a child of normal intelligence, and how the larger family comes to terms with the parents being 'different.' Gish plays Hope, who is left mentally disabled after a car accident when she was 11. Her mother, played by Lynn Redgrave, is unable to come to terms with her daughter's imperfections sends her away to special schools. After a twenty-year separation, the two are forced to reunite and confront their emotional issues in an attempt to reclaim their lost relationship. It explores the human desire to be accepted and valued just as we are. Hollywood Reporter called it "the best of the best." It was a finalist for a Pen West writing award. A young woman was left mentally disabled after a car crash twenty years previously, a condition which her mother has never come to accept. Thus she favors her other "normal" daughter and basically tolerates the other daughter's existence. It also doesn't help that her husband also has some mental disabilities. As the family slowly divides, the older daughter's unconditional love rises.
121 ::: 100 ans de cinéma: Deux fois 50 ans de cinéma français (1995) ::: At a lakeside hotel, Michel Piccoli discusses the centennial of cinema with Jean-Luc Godard. Godard asks why should cinema's birthday be celebrated when the history of film is a forgotten subject. Through the remainder of his hotel stay, Piccoli tests Godard's hypothesis.
122 ::: Young Producers (2010) ::: Mack and Jack make their living shooting pee-wee soccer games and running a third rate Santa Clause scam. Fed up and broke these knucklehead dudes decide to go for it. They max out their credit cards optioning a high budget action script "NIGHT WARRIOR." Then they borrow money from a redneck loan shark and sign-on a washed up ninety-eight year old Hollywood legend. In their quest to raise 4.9 million dollars they encounter an endless barrage of whacked out characters, explosions, a fat Elvis, desperate women and near electrocution of themselves and a group of Japanese investors. Later, their trip to Hollywood gets cut short by an earthquake and a riot. The Loan Shark Enforcer bears down, then their old star dies. Their desperation deepens. Now they must succeed in making their picture on their own. They end up hiring a crazed motor-cross daredevil to star as their Ninja in their no budget flick, using lunatic friends as cast and crew. Amazingly, they triumphant through sheer force of will, finish the movie and end up getting the crap beat out of them by their deranged distributor.
123 ::: Faint Perfume (1925) ::: After a stormy six=year marriage, Barnaby Powers divorces his wife Richmiel. She returns home, taking their young son Oliver with her. Barnaby follows her, to ask for custody of the boy, but meets and falls in love with Richmiel's pretty and sensitive cousin Ledda. Complications ensue.
124 ::: Stuck on Broke (2010) ::: James Johnson lives in any ghetto USA. He's a honest, hard working, god fearing parent who loves his mother, son and girlfriend. Even though James works more than fifty hours a week he still has trouble making ends meet. That is until one fateful night when he saves the life of his drug dealing boss Ra-him. In a show of appreciation Ra-him offers James a deal he can't refuse. Surprisingly James accepts the offer and takes to crime like a fish to water. His mother and girlfriend however are not enamored with James' new lifestyle making him choose between a life of fast money and even faster women or a life Stuck On Broke.
125 ::: "Frontier Borneo" (2017) ::: A documentary series that uncovers heroes at the front-line who are working to protect the environment, culture and wildlife of Borneo. Featuring forest rangers, marine conservationists and some of Borneo's most fascinating tribes, landscapes and wildlife, this is a story of man and nature in an ever evolving relationship of co-existence and survival.
126 ::: Life Stinks (1991) ::: A rich businessman makes a bet he can survive on the streets of a rough Los Angeles neighborhood for 30 days completely penniless. During his stay he discovers another side of life and falls in love with with a homeless woman.
127 ::: Petit indi (2009) ::: In addition to an incipient fondness for greyhound racing, the young Arnau has two inseparable companions: a songbird and a fox. Both accompany him in his journey to adolescence, a difficult transition due to some hard circumstances: the mother of the boy is locked in prison, and he is forced to live with his uncles.
128 ::: Soliloquies from Women in Prison (2009) ::: Several female inmates take the stage of their prison on a Friday night to courageously share the personal narratives they crafted during a summer workshop offered at the prison by two visiting artists. In front of a packed house the women open up to their peers & share a part of themselves that every person in the world can all to easily relate to.
129 ::: V.I.P. (1991) ::: Vice-minister illegaly drives diamonts between Moscow-Warsaw-Paris. The other bad guy, a leader of a gang has deep connections with him and other highly ranked politics. One day, a young and innocent man; Roman Natorski, gets between them and is supposed to compose a song for them, as well as take a girlfriend of one of them out of a town. Unfortunatelly, Romek falles in love with her...
130 ::: "Bloodlines" (2011) ::: In the beautiful city of San Diego is where the American / Mexican border is more of a revolving door than a stopping line. Life can be dark or dangerous. Lines between family, gangs, communities and countries are filled with blood of many sources.
131 ::: 30 Miles (2004/I) ::: A white man stranded on the side of the road. A black man speeding by in an SUV. An act of kindness with fatal repercussions. A mysterious backpack. And a twist. Two strangers, harboring dark secrets and deceitful motives, learn how much can change in just thirty miles. 30 Miles follows two men of different race & background on a dramatic pressure-cooker trip. Ernie, a down-on-his-luck drifter, and Anthony, a successful Hollywood agent, find their fates intertwined after a chance meeting. As the men reveal intimate details of their pasts, guards are let down and emotions are left unchecked. But as day turns to night, and in a desert that buries all secrets, it becomes apparent that this is no random journey down the highway. 3 Anthony is a Hollywood agent on his way to Las Vegas for a wedding. Along the way he stops to help Ernie, a down-on-his-luck drifter who is stranded in the middle of nowhere. The two strangers become friends, eventually revealing the intimate details of their pasts. A series of shocking twists turn a simple detour into an experience that changes their lives forever.
132 ::: The Mask of Alexander Cross (1977) ::: Alexander Cross is a ruthless, unscrupulous individual, devoid of conscience or ethics. He is involved in activities that are not exactly legal. He is a notorious womanizer, who doesn't care if they are married, and usually uses them for one thing or another. When this habit of his catches the ire of one of his associates, he is killed. However, a group of people who have been burned by Cross, have kept his death a secret and have found a man named Jim who's the spitting image of him. They want Jim to take Alex's place and get into his inner sanctum so that they correct the wrongs he has done and would have done if he was still alive. However, there is one problem, another one Alexander Cross' quirks, is that he is a health freak, that means that he's a teetotaler and a vegetarian. And Jim is a strong drinker and a meat lover.
133 ::: Concrete Canyons (2010) ::: In Greeley County, Colorado, the former Sheriff Ben Sloane is an efficient tracker that lives in an isolated cabin in the middle of the woods. After rescuing a young woman that has been abducted, Ben meets Sheriff Darryl Carter tells to him that his estranged son Nick is the prime suspect of killing his co-worker Raymond "Ray" Correlli. Ben heads to Chicago to meet the unfriendly Detective Susan Kincaid that does not help him. Soon Ben learns that Nick is married with Maggie and has a baby son; he worked in the Stetski Brothers Constructor and studied architecture at college. Ben also meets Nick's friend Danny Smalls that tells to him that his job was indicated by his professor Hoffman. Ben goes to the crime scene and finds that Nick did not kill Ray and the crime scene was modified and he suspects that the construction company is hiding something. Will Ben be capable to find tracks to prove the innocence of his son?
134 ::: Intelligent Life: Change Your Mind, Change Your World (2009) ::: Through a series of meditative music/video vignettes, the film connects the "cause and effect" on our unintentional impact to the world around us. Intelligent Life forces us to face the unpleasant truths behind our treatment of factory farm animals, electricity generation, auto emissions, trash, obsessive consumerism and more. A casual fast food burger is directly tied to the horrific and inhumane treatment of feedlot cattle. An impulse for instant material gratification leads to the filthy and inevitable end of a product's life in a landfill, where it will take thousands of years to decompose. The simple convenience of turning on a light bulb is bound to the environmental catastrophe of stripping away layers of the Earth. These images are contrast against a world without man; a world of rare beauty and wonder. Vivid colors, massive natural landscapes and moving music transcend the viewer to an entirely beautiful world without human influence. Finally, Intelligent Life offers practical solutions; how mankind can sustain life within its natural and finite world. The solutions are simple everyday adjustments that are easily adoptable by most everyone. And they can make a significant impact. They answer problems presented at the beginning of the film including: humanely/organically raised animals, renewable energy choices for business and home, alternative modes of transportation... even pollution-free recreation.
135 ::: The Mongolian Marmot (2008) ::: The Mongolian Marmot is sacred in Mongolian culture, both past and present. Over hunting and habitat destruction threaten the once abundant marmot population, 'The Mongolian Marmot' tells the story of the people fighting to save one of Central Asia's most important species.
136 ::: Girl Cousins (2007) ::: 'GIRL COUSINS, Episodes 1-12' is a short form, live-action cartoon novela. Girl cousins Austin and Rose race between cliffhangers with a final climactic rescue in the desert! Who gave Rose the business card? Who leaves rose bouquets when Austin avoids Rose? Who is Jonny Nickels? Someone, or Something, is playing with these girls' lives. Who, and to What End?
137 ::: Glup, una aventura sin desperdicio (2004) ::: In this whimsical tale for children, a little girl finds herself in a strange land where her only hope of getting home lies in the hands of an eclectic group of newfound friends. After chasing her most beloved toy into the garbage pail, Alicia ends up trapped in the unfamiliar surroundings of a garbage dump. Her only friends are the discarded items that live there, including self-important do-gooder Toaster and valiant trenchcoat Detective Glup. They're desperate to help little Alicia find her way home, but they've got problems of their own. The wicked Don Bater is tirelessly working to lure Glup and his band of rubble-rousers into the incinerator, and the group's only hope is to outsmart him at his own nasty game. Packed with adventure, Glup is a clever, beautifully-animated, heart-warming story of friends, family and the incomparable joy of coming home. -------- A veces uno encuentra amigos en los sitios mas improbables. En este imaginativo cuento, una nina se encuentra en una tierra desconocida, y su regreso a casa depende de un eclectico grupo de nuevos amigos. Siguiendo a su juguete mas querido al bote de la basura, Alicia termina atrapada en el extrano mundo de un basurero. Sus unicos amigos son los articulos desechados que viven alli, entre ellos la engreida y santurrona Tostadora, y el valiente impermeable, Detective Glup. Estan ansiosos de ayudar a la pequena Alicia a volver a su casa, pero tienen sus propios problemas. El malvado Don Bater trata incansablemen...
138 ::: Winter's Watch (2017) ::: Located ten miles off the coast of mainland New England, the Oceanic Hotel is the grand, yet far-from-modern home to the thousands of guests who brave the choppy seas to visit during the warmer spring and summer months. Off-season, the hotel and the 43-acre Star Island on which it sits is home to one woman - its winter caretaker who braves the colder, darker months of inclement weather by embracing the solitude and finding inspiration, and life, in what would otherwise be considered the 'bones' of winter. Intrepid photographer Alexandra de Steiguer embraces five cold months of solitude year after year on a remote island group miles off the coast of Maine in her role as winter caretaker. Since 1997, Star Island in the Isles of Shoals has had this lone winter resident sharing a very small world with only the seals, seabirds, twenty-nine historic buildings, and a landscape so spare and forbidding that the viewer finds it difficult to believe that nearly twenty years of inspiration could come from such a place. Director Brian Bolster's beautifully filmed documentary echoes - quietly but gorgeously - the still-frame photography of his subject, but also shows us how her richly inspired outlook - looking out from the shores of this small island - has caused her to also look inward in ways most people only aspire to. Philosophical, contemplative, engaging, beautiful and engaging, this short film fits informally into a trilogy of sorts created by Brian Bolster as he shares the lives of people working for extended periods in isolated environments, who have - in their solitude - become not only deeply connected to their "place", but who have somehow deepened their connection to the wider world as well.
139 ::: Beyond the Ocean (2000) ::: A young pregnant Russian woman heads to New York to find father of her child in this brooding drama. The film alternates scenes from Pitsee's experiences in America with flashbacks to her traumatic childhood in her homeland. In New York, she tracks down Alex -- the scoundrel who impregnated her -- but since he's involved with another woman, he foists the new immigrant on his DJ friend Dogwalker.
140 ::: The Truth of the Matter (2007) ::: 'The Truth of the Matter' presents two girls sitting in suits, drinking tea in the rain. The background frames show us images of their current thoughts, feelings, and day dreams. In order for the characters to understand each other's perspective they must first emerge from their respective worlds and relate to one another. In doing so, they are able to better understand their own frame of mind.
141 ::: Black Silk Stockings (1978) ::: Five vignettes connected by the actresses all wearing black silk stockings. These were all taken from prior material, or loops. The first is John Holmes and Desiree West working on the sale of a painting, while working on each other. Next, John and Annette Haven pair as a writer and a visiting Stenographer, who enjoys taking "dick-tation". Third, Joey Silvera (as Joey Civera) and Monica Wells hook up on a bed for some silk fun. Fourth, The Professor and the Schoolgirls section is an early John Holmes performance. Last, Models Annette Haven and Linda Wong accept an assignment from photographer John Leslie.
142 ::: Scissere (1982) ::: Bruno Scissere, a heroin addict who has been confined to a psychiatric rehabilitation clinic for several years, has finally been released. He has spent most of his life in similar clinics, always released only to return again. Frightened and unsure of his identity, he prepares to go back into the real world. Outside of the clinic, he observes three different people at a bus stop and begins to perceive himself living their lives for a single day. One of the three people is also a heroin addict, a wretched figure who steals to get his next fix. Another is a young mother who leaves her three-year-old child with a friend so she can have a short holiday, just a day on her own. The third is an entomologist in his laboratory who makes a breakthrough discovery of a rare species of moth.
143 ::: Motor Nasch (1996) ::: "Motor Nasch" tells the story of the encounter between 100 year old Alexandra Konstantinovna of Moscow, her daughters, her granddaughters and great-granddaughters - six women of four generations. Their stories cover the period in which the Soviet Union was built and broken up: Alexandra experienced the revolution of 1917 as a young mother, the 1984 born Nastja the end of the communist system as a little schoolgirl. The women's narrations build a different picture of the history and Soviet Union's everyday life: a picture, which challenges old and new stereotypical perceptions.
144 ::: Audrey (1916) ::: Audrey, an orphan, becomes the ward of a wealthy man, but when he travels to England, she is turned over to an unscrupulous couple who usurp her money and turn her into a slavey.
145 ::: "Beauty & the Beast: The Ugly Face of Prejudice" (2011) ::: Reggie has a face disfigurement and learnt to love himself the way he is, while Gary who had never had that problem is obsessed with beauty procedures in his tries to look like a Kardashian. While Gary tries to show Reggie that there is nothing bad in trying to look your best- will Reggie teach him to love himself the way that he is?
146 ::: "Graviton: The Ghost Particle" (2017) ::: Science is on the verge of discovering a mechanism to communicate with parallel worlds. A young group of outcast, brilliant physicists manage to crack the communication code, discovering the dangerous risks that may be at stake in doing so.
147 ::: All At Once (2016) ::: A young up and coming artist in New York city has his life and dreams forever altered when the tragic events of 9/11 take the lives of his two best friends and he accepts guardianship of the couple's two young daughters. Now eleven years later, and teaching art at an elementary school, he raises the girls as if they were his own, but the financial grind to live in NYC is too much, so he decides to take the girls away from the only place they've ever called home and move back to Buffalo where he grew up. This "non-traditional" family now faced with change, new surroundings, and a new journey, must learn how to adjust to this new life, while trying to find themselves along the way.
148 ::: Otvaranje televizije Atlas (2006) ::: A marathon TV show on the day of the opening of the newest commercial national radio television network in Montenego. Concieved by Stanko Crnobrnja as a live multimedia, interactive TV extravaganza it was the single longest TV show in Montenegro TV history.
149 ::: Repercussion (2016) ::: Haunted by guilt for the involuntary manslaughter of his partner, a detective begins to suspect that his deceased partner was connected to a recent streak of serial murders, and he sees his attempt at solving the case as a chance to find personal absolution.
150 ::: Vash syn i brat (1966) ::: Old Ermolay all life lived in one village. Has four sons. A chief left to Moscow, other works on building and does not yield on persuasions chief - to move to him. Junior with the irrepressible character got in prison and, to see native, three months prior to liberation accomplishes escape.
151 ::: What Is Polenastics? (2012) ::: From learning pole tricks, make your glutes move having muscle control, dance on the Silk, Hoops, and the Trapeze this is one fun sexy show. Kat takes us inside of Vertical Alternative & Aerial Arts Studio and educates us all. There is also a special appearance by nationally and some would say world wide know Pantera the Pole Dancing Queen.
152 ::: Whistling Hills (1951) ::: This somewhat off-the-beaten-path-formula for a Saturday matinée B-western has Johnny Mack Brown being hired by stageline owner Chet Norman to stop a series of stagecoach holdups that always take place when the driver, Pete, sees a mystery rider and hears the weird notes of a silver whistle. Sheriff Dave Holland, in love with Chet's niece, Beth Fairchild, and jealous of Johnny, gives grudging help. Town banker Roger Claine, is the mastermind behind the gang led by the Mystery Rider and Slade, and is having an affair with waitress Cora, and has promised her he will kill Slade when they have enough money. Beth is shot by Dave in an aborted holdup that reveals her to be the Mystery Rider, working with Claine in a spirit of revenge, thinking that her uncle had stolen the stageline from her father.
153 ::: Nägel mit Köpfen (2013) ::: Marko is 35-years-old and moving into an apartment with his girlfriend, but he has many doubts. In order to find out why, he follows three friendly couples over two years. With humor and quick-wittedness he uncovers fears, doubts and hopes of a fulfilled partnership. A touchingly ironic voyage of self-discovery.
154 ::: "Dezhurnyy vrach" (2016) ::: Every day the emergency care hospital receives hundreds of new patients. Each one has a clinical record with conflicts and problems behind it. Sometimes it is impossible to diagnose and prescribe treatment without revealing this information. The doctors become not just witnesses but hostages to the dramas and secrets of their patients; they help them to recover and make vital decisions. Our characters are four doctors of an emergency care hospital. Each one has their own story about choosing medicine for career; all of them use different methods of treatment. One is totally committed to the hospital; another manages to achieve some kind of work-life balance. These four are no superheroes, but instead they are people who are on call 24/7 to save the lives of others.
155 ::: The Mummy's Kiss: 2nd Dynasty (2006) ::: A beautiful woman, named Zita, who has many issues, is aging and seeks an Egyptian goddess' help. After pledging her allegiance, Zita is instructed to kiss the mummy remains of the evil sorceress, Hor Shep Sut. This awakens the mummy, and the murders begin.
156 ::: Top of the Hill (1989) ::: Thomas Bell's father was elected to the US congress but poor health forces him to step down so Tom decides to run for his father's vacated post; which he wins. On his first day, he learns that an American who works overseas, is being held, and it seems that the US is not going to help. But Tom who's very idealistic decides to look into it; it seems that the country that's holding wants something that Tom can't deliver without he help or approval of certain government officials but naturally they want something from Tom - to compromise some of his beliefs and convictions.
157 ::: "Uncle Old School" (2012) ::: Playboy bachelor Elliott is forced to take in spoiled sister Lauren and her equally spoiled 3 kids after Lauren's rich husband flees the country after embezzling money from his firm. Elliott has an old school way of raising the kids vs. his sister's liberal approach which causes tons of drama.
158 ::: Ma-nyeo (2014) ::: Saeyoung is a new employee who eventually stands against Leesun, her stubborn team leader. Leesun is upset by Saeyoung's behavior, but she soon learns about ominous stories about Saeyoung. As the stories about Saeyoung are revealed one after another, she becomes a source of fear to Leesun. Saeyoung's stalking-like bullying continues, and Leesun tries to run away from her.
159 ::: Juntos estamos divididos (2007) ::: On January 11, 2007, in the Bolivian city of Cochabamba, thousands of workers and coca growers from rural areas united to express support for a centralized state, indigenous political power, and for the country's first indigenous president, Evo Morales. In response, thousands of middle and upper class residents attempted to violently thwart the activities of these indigenous groups. The result was a mini-civil war. Various factions armed with knives, golf clubs, and baseball bats collided in an afternoon of violence that left 160 people injured and 3 people dead. Juntos Estamos Divididos recounts the series of events of January 11, 2007 in Cochabamba through the use of never-before-seen news footage, interviews, and testimonials. By placing the violent confrontations in the context of Bolivia 's recent political transformation, Juntos Estamos Divididos shows how shifts in political power have affected race relations and the meaning of citizenship and democracy in Cochabamba and in the greater Bolivian nation.
160 ::: My First Movie (2013) ::: "El Sebas" is a "loser". He is overweight and doesn't have a job. He dreams of becoming a writer but hasn't ever written anything! His days are spent hanging out with his old school buddy Toncho, that is until he goes to a primary school reunion and falls hopelessly love with Lety, the former class nerd whom the wonders of puberty have now turned into a complete stunner. Although Lety is studying law her real dream is to become an actress and Sebas sets out to win her heart in the most unlikely way: by making his very own film for her to star in. Completely lacking in both funds and experience, and encountering all types of difficulties in the process. Sebas with the help of his friend Toncho, in the end succeeds in making "My First Movie". Although at the end of the day Sebas doesn't get the girl, he finds something far more important along the way; his self esteem.
161 ::: Verliebt in Amsterdam (2017) ::: German corporate lawyer Max takes on a job in an Amsterdam real estate firm rather than joining his father's construction company. He's relatively happy, yet doesn't quite fit in with his narrow-minded way of thinking -however hard he tries to relax- in the libertine city. Then he falls in love with Dutch snack-bar owner Sophie, who claims to not be interested in him. Unexpectedly Max's parents invite themselves to come 'celebrate' his birthday with a stuffy dinner in a near-by German restaurant and invade his small apartment. After his father's car crashes into to Sophie's father's bike, conflicting loyalties clash, but deep-rooted commitments win out breeding surprising alliances.
162 ::: "Atsuhime" (2008) ::: Atsuhime (Princess Atsu) is the story of the real life Princess Atsu of the Satsuma Domain of Japan during the final years of the Tokugawa Shogunate. In a move to influence the Shogunate policies concerning the new threat from the West, Princess Atsu would be adopted from her birth parents to Lord Nariakira of the Shimizu Clan of Satsuma (Present Day Kagoshima, Japan). Princess Atsu will be readopted to be positioned to be sent to Edo Castle to marry the 13th Tokugawa Shogun Iesada. What she was not told is that the aloof Shogun Iesada was perceived to be a "fool" who was both indifferent to his country's political crisis and his newlywed Atsuhime's affections. Through her determination, she will win over her eccentric husband. But as the foreign crisis looms over Japan, the young princess is widowed at the age of 22 and must now find her place as the newly minted Lady Tenshoin in the private world of the Ooku of Edo Castle. Political intrigue and revolution play backdrop to this riveting 47th NHK Taiga Drama starring Aoi Miyazaki as one of the most influential women of the Bakumatsu - The final days of the Tokugawa Shogunate.
163 ::: "Legend" (2017) ::: TUTV's 'Legend' is a student-produced web series following the figures of Arthurian legend as modern college students. When the infamous Grail goes missing, no one is safe from suspicion as power, passion, and obsession break the bonds of friendship and family in this indulgent drama.
164 ::: Ride of the Mergansers (2005) ::: Ride of the Mergansers brings to the screen the challenging life of the hooded merganser, a rare and reclusive duck found only in North America. Produced by U.S.-based Steve Furman, the film takes audiences to the Great Lakes region where, within 24 hours of hatching, tiny ducklings must make a perilous leap to the ground from the safety of their nest high in the trees.
165 ::: Busted: The Citizen's Guide to Surviving Police Encounters (2004) ::: Most people don't know their basic constitutional rights, and those who do usually waive them in the face of police intimidation. Worse, police rely on people's fear and ignorance of the law to trick them into waiving their rights, which often lands them in jail. That's why Flex Your Rights (FyR) -- a Washington, DC-based educational group -- created BUSTED: The Citizen's Guide to Surviving Police Encounters. This fun 45-minute educational DVD realistically depicts three common police scenarios -- traffic stop, street stop, and home entry. Narrator Ira Glasser, a former ACLU executive director, shows you how to avoid cops' "gotcha games" as they try to trick you into waiving your rights; how to be courteous but not intimidated by police tactics; and how phrases such as "I don't consent to any searches" can keep you out of jail. According to Steve Silverman, BUSTED's writer and FyR's executive director, "We made BUSTED for anyone who's afraid that their looks or lifestyle makes them a target for law enforcement. This includes skaters, smokers, rockers, and freedom-loving badasses of all sorts."
166 ::: The Passion of the Mao (2006) ::: Who knew that Communism could be so funny? This madcap documentary reexamines the Cultural Revolution and restores the once bright reputation of Mao Zedong. "The Passion of the Mao" begins by correcting misconceptions about Mao's early years. Unlike the tyrants with whom he is usually compared, Mao was a successful scholar and businessman before he became a rabble-rouser. By the mid1950s, he had unified China, spurred an impressive rate of growth, restructured the education system, and improved living standards. Then he became a Maoist. Mao devoted the rest of his life to eliminating the centralized Soviet bureaucracy he and his colleagues had built. The film takes viewers back to the 1960s. Successful women and men, some now professors at major universities in the West, credit Mao and especially the Cultural Revolution for making them feminists and allowing them access to education. During the Cultural Revolution, Mao brought Western-style ballets and operas, reinterpreted in Chinese form, to China's villages. Peasants chose leaders who represented their true interests, and rural communities built schools independent of the central government. And what about the anti-Maoist beliefs that have sullied the reputation of the man once referred to as "the sun in the sky?" They are part of a vast radical conspiracy, the result of propaganda churned out by the same people who turned the tanks on the Tiananmen demonstrators.
167 ::: Orb (2010) ::: I use gelatin as a substitute for body muscle and fat. The animation of this material provides a view of mechanical systems not found in the animal world. The objects distort in response to the force exhorted upon them. The stress is visible. Empathy with this illustration of mechanical force brings awareness of what it feels like to be an animal/human.
168 ::: Shapath (1984) ::: The Commissioner of Police is impressed with the diligence and bravery by one of his officers named Vijay, and asks him to re-locate to a lawless town by the name of Shona Pur, which Vijay accepts. He arrives there incognito, and is faced with several challenges, including lackadaisical policemen, who have never arrested anyone. He sets out to put things right. He meets with a young woman by the name of Shanti, who is on the look-out for buried treasure. Vijay and Shanti both fall in love with each other, and both set out to locate this treasure. In order to do this they will have to go through underground caverns, snake-pits, and a gang of thieves who are known to kill anyone who get in their way.
169 ::: Gunfight at La Mesa (2010) ::: Tate Noble returns to the town of his youth where as a boy his parents were murdered. His childhood friend Samuel, now the sheriff of La Mesa knows who is responsible, and Tate's arrival sparks hostility between Samuel and his father Judge Carter. As the mystery unravels, Tate and Samuel enlist help from an unlikely source, the mob, in order to bring to justice the man ultimately responsible, the evil Harcourt Simms.
170 ::: Mysteries of the Apocalypse (2006) ::: For thousands of years the world has watched for indications that pieces of the prophetic puzzle are falling into place. Since the ascension of Christ man has looked for signs of His return which mark the beginning of the end and that the Apocalyptic timeline is closing in. Wars, famines, persecutions grow rampant while false leaders push society closer to world-wide calamity. Is there a worse fate to come or are the end times here? Join us on this chilling expedition as theologians, scholars and military experts unlock this timeless enigma revealing the mysteries of the apocalypse!
171 ::: Don't Look: Nightmares from Limbo Vol. 1 (2016) ::: Based on Internet Folklore. 5 lives collide when a mysterious internet video goes viral and causes hundreds of horrendous, eye-gouging-suicides internationally. It's up to a team of journalists and one Detective to stop it. Complications arise when Lou, an alcoholic writer for the Quad City Time, becomes host to the video and prepares to share his new beloved video.
172 ::: Pearl Diver (2004) ::: One night changed them forever. Twenty years later, a night will change them again. Pearl Diver is the story of two sisters, haunted by the twenty-year old murder of their mother and what happens when a farming accident rips away the layers of secrecy and buried trauma surrounding that night. They learn that sometimes the secrets from the past can bring hope for the future.
173 ::: American Politics All You Can Eat (2009) ::: In this drive-thru documentary enchilada, two friends, filmmakers Johl Smilowski, of Portland (Oregon), and Jordi Ortega, of Barcelona (Spain), embark on a quest to find the secret reasoning behind the political behavior of Americans. Shot on a poor-boy-sandwich budget, they found their answer at a really weird, more-surreal-than-Dalí, time: the four last days of the 2004 U.S. presidential election (a bizarre time for a culinary field trip, ain't it?). Deep fry immersed in the swing state of Nevada, with the city of Las Vegas on Halloween weekend as backdrop, and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan in full throttle, we see the second term of George W. Bush cooking, while the John Kerry souffle dries up in the oven. Was that thing on a separate pan the global crisis heating up? Could the financial meltdown have been prevented had things gone differently in '04? In this cheap shrimp cocktail of a film, more current today than ever, we shot everything that moved: Communist bunnies from Colorado, brave Texan Marines, a chicken-chef from New York, Latino casino workers, hundreds of volunteers of Driving Votes and America Coming Together (ACT), and Oscar-winning actor Sean Penn, among many other colorful characters. 2009 AOF-Action on Film Festival Alan J. Bailey Award "Best Political Commentary." American politics served Vegas buffet style!
174 ::: Bridge (2017/III) ::: In a small town in southern Missouri, two brothers share an ordinary summer afternoon. As they walk to the river, the older brother shares the news of his departure to join the army. The little brother is understandably shaken, but soon decides that he can salvage the afternoon by convincing the older brother to grab their gun and shoot frogs. As they return to the bridge, the older brother trips and the gun goes fires accidentally, hitting the older brother in the head. The younger brother runs off for help.
175 ::: Bernie (1996) ::: Bernie, a 30 years old orphan, decides to leave his orphanage and find his parents. After an investigation, he meets Marion, a young heroin addict and falls in love with her. He believes that his family was victim of a plot and this is why they deserted him.
176 ::: Resolving Power (2001) ::: Metaphorical fiction film on the industrial society, where we follow a character trapped in several visionary surrealistic situations. A film about alienation and paranoia with a strong German expressionistic influence.
177 ::: Salamanca (2015) ::: Private story here is only a part of family history, and one man's destiny tells us about any other one.While the hero of the film recalls his childhood in search of the right answer to the most important question of all his life, days, months, and years slowly go by in Salamanca.
178 ::: "The Adventures of Belle" (2014) ::: Belle follows the sharp-witted heroine of the same moniker, and her travels around the world. First seen in 13 Chambers, Belle was one of the original 13 Marshals under Abraham Lincoln's employment to assist the nation for whatever was needed at a moment's notice. After Lincoln's assassination, the marshals were sent into hiding, resulting in a whirlwind global adventure for Belle and her 13- Chambered pistol.
179 ::: Driving to Phoenix (2010) ::: The road to recovery is littered with abandoned baggage. James David Patterson describes the frustrations of adult life -- following a childhood marred by sexual abuse -- in this metaphorical journey across the desert southwest to a Phoenix he cannot seem to find. Blending monologue and chance encounters along the journey, Patterson seeks a way to reconcile the contradictions of his life.
180 ::: Boxing for Palm Island (2010) ::: There is a new generation of warriors on Palm Island, a place with a dark history and a less than stellar reputation. They are fighting back taking the future into their own hands with the support of Uncle Ray - the man who has brought boxing back to Palm Island.
181 ::: Lyubov s aktsentom (2012) ::: Colorfully rich, and emotionally deep, "Love with Accent" is a film that explores several very different love stories. These are true stories of human feelings, bright and passionate, mature and merciless. They range from the naďve and absurd, to the odd and comical, to the lucky, to the melancholy.
182 ::: Mother Love (1996) ::: Filmed in a small town in the south, Mother Love is a fresh look at one of the most formative relationships of a woman's life. It introduces us to four mothers and daughters of contrasting age, class and family dynamics. Their stories reflect individual circumstances, but also echo similar themes, proving there are certain traits that almost all mother/daughter relationships have in common.
183 ::: La vida pura (2015) ::: Jhony is a 25 years old man from Barcelona and the film follows him during a fictitious day of his life. Morning rising, television, photographic session, lunch with mother and brother, work, a visit to a porn company, meeting with a friend and work colleague, thoughts about life and love, the difficulties of opening up and surrendering in love, dinner in a friend s house at night with a full moon. His relationship with his family, his dog and the world. His lonely lifestyle. A mother he adores, an absent father, a view of the future without exaggerated ambitions and unrealistic dreams. Without lies, illusions, with respect towards the others and dignity. A pure life, like the tattoo that we see in the making on his body during the duration of the whole film.
184 ::: In the Attic with Pete Townshend & Friends (2009) ::: This film documents two showcase performances presented by Pete Townshend's muse Rachel Fuller featuring emerging and established artists as solo artists and collaborating in unrehearsed jams with Fuller and Townshend. The film also features a solo set by Pete Townshend.
185 ::: Sonntagsvierer (2010) ::: Scheidegger, Häggli, Wernicke and Brandt are retired men and used to be good friends. They decide to come together for a golf weekend once again. Despite of their stubborn characters the four men have a good time together - until Scheidegger reveals the truth about his bad state of health and his wish to die...
186 ::: One Night in Weston (2008) ::: A new live concert and interview DVD, filmed earlier this year before a roaring concert crowd in Weston, Florida featuring 1980's Rock music Legends Larry Hoppen (Orleans), Joe Lynn Turner (Deep Purple, Rainbow), Jimi Jamison (formerly of Survivor), John Cafferty and Michael Antunes (Beaver Brown Band), and Robbie Dupress and featuring a blend of their Platinum hit songs like ("Dancing in the Moonlight", "Dance with me", "Steal Away", "Smoke on the Water", "Still the one" and others. These Rock and Pop hit makers have come together as part of a new rock and pop alliance called RPM ("Rock and Pop Masters:") who tour the world performing both their individual hit songs and performing together on stage. Backed up by a superstar backup band featuring Charlie Morgan-Drums (Elton John Band), Lane Hoppen-keyboards, (Orleans), Al Ferrante-Guitar (Edgar Winter Group) they produce an evening of hit songs that audiences know and love, sung by the people that made them hits! This film also features extensive interviews with the artists who reflect on their careers, pop stardom, and making music.
187 ::: The Farm (2009) ::: After being convicted of murder Jenny Schecter, Alice is incarcerated in California's Humboldt State Farm and Prison for Women. Arriving alongside Alice is Valentina Galindo, a seemly humble articulate woman but beneath her gentle exterior lies a ruthless woman. She is feared by all and thought to be the most dangerous woman in California, while only convicted for racketeering, drugs and assault. Valentina is believed to be the Hitler of LA's underground responsible for ordering countless murders. Valentina has many enemies who would offer a handsome reward for her head.
188 ::: Unfair: Exposing the IRS (2014) ::: A documentary shedding light on the certain damage the Income Tax and the IRS have wrought on liberties, businesses, families, and religious, charitable and civic organizations, while empowering a political agenda contrary to America's heritage.
189 ::: Ciudad sin sombra (2014) ::: Martin, an aging man, is abandoned in a psychiatric hospital, where a pharmaceutical business is conducting illegal drug tests. His granddaughter, Ana, discovers that her own father is directly involved and takes action into her own hands. As Ana and Martin run away to grant him his last wish, they must fight for their own survival against the vicious interests of the powerful company. Based on a true story.
190 ::: "The Edge with Jonesy" (2016) ::: Each episode takes on a particular subject in the world of the paranormal or pseudo-science. In season one(our only season) we covered the Flat Earth Theory, a local haunted house, spell binding in the Mexican culture, Alien bases on the moon and alternative viewpoints of the UFO phenomenon. In the face of the fantastic and unbelievable, Jonesy navigates the discussion toward some new understanding and some semblance of what's "true enough". In addition to the interview Jonesy produces and stars in various paranormal related sketches.
191 ::: "Looking Back" (2015) ::: Darcy Peregrine hosts Looking Back, a 20-to-1 type show that reminisces over the best that Australian TV has ever offered. The shows reflected on aren't real, but rather scathing and loving parodies of Aussie television. Written and performed by the sharp and unusual comedy trio of Greg Larsen, Henry Stone and Sam Campbell, the debut episode focuses on a prank style show "Dack Attack" and it's alpha male host Darren Tackle.
192 ::: Kick-It (????) ::: A single mom comes back to her home town in an effort to bond with her daughter and joins an underdog women's soccer team and is forced to face her high school nemesis who cost her her soccer career, her old flame and her ex. Fun fierce competition abounds in every area of her life.
193 ::: "Hadleigh" (1969) ::: With Ministry of Defence cuts threatening to eliminate Hadleigh's old regiment,a confidential document outlining how future wars will involve germ warfare is stolen and destroyed by one of that regiment's officers. He is put on trial under the official secrets act in magistrate's court headed by Hadleigh.
194 ::: Revenge of the Middle-Aged Woman (2004) ::: A middle-aged woman has what she believes is a great life. She's been married for 25 years, she is the book editor at a newspaper where her husband is the editor and they have a great family. That all comes to a screeching halt one day when her husband announces that he is leaving her for a younger woman. Not only that, but the younger woman is her assistant. Not only that, but he's taking the newspaper in "a new direction" and won't need her anymore. It's then that she finds out who her friends and the people who love her REALLY are, and she gets a surprise when she runs into a man from her past.
195 ::: Kurosaki-kun no iinari ni nante naranai (2016) ::: Based on the manga with the same name, the story follows Yu Akabane who is moved to the dormitory following her father's transfer for work. While she is excited to be living in the same facility as Takumi, who is the 'white prince,' it is Haruto who makes the first move.
196 ::: Foot Reflexology: A Step by Step Guide (2009) ::: Foot Reflexology: An Easy to Follow Step-by-Step Guide We are constantly on the move, walking, running, working and playing. Hectic schedules produce a tremendous amount of stress, both on our bodies and our minds. As a result we are continually searching for ways to reduce the tension in our lives. One ancient healing practice has been relieving stress for people around the world for more than 4000 years: REFLEXOLOGY. It is effective and easy to learn. With this step-by-step DVD, you and your partner will learn the simple techniques used to stimulate the reflex areas of the feet. Areas that correspond to all the different areas of the body, including organs, muscle groups, the nerves and even the brain. Use Foot Reflexology, your guide to giving a complete Foot Reflexology session to relieve stress and tension, to help promote healing and especially for personal pleasure and relaxation.
197 ::: Moses: Fallen. In the City of Angels. (2005) ::: A tale of a fallen angel who was sentenced to a human life sentence... Moses, the angel of life is haunted by the visions of a dead child works as an assassin for Mrs. Mier whose true identity is Gabriel the Arc Angel... the assassination of Lucky Palermo was a mistake. Julius Palermo, Lucky's brother whose true identity is The dark angel... Make a vow to destroy Moses. Sending his daughter Angel Eyes a top underworld assassin to kill him... touched by the Arc Angel Gabriel, Angel eyes falls for moses instead. Moses finds out from Mrs. Mier that he is a fallen angel and his mission is to bring the Dark Angel back home to heaven... Together along with Jesus, a homeless Vietnam Vet, the trio hit the desert highway. Jesus leads moses and Angel eyes to his old time Vietnam Buddy John J whose life he saved in Nam. Together they will fight what ensues a show down between the forces of good and evil. Who will prevail?
198 ::: "The Startup Hour" (2015) ::: The Startup Hour(TM) is a new concept combining reality TV with crowdsourcing, allowing members of the public to invest in startup business pitches presented on the show. The Startup Hour(TM) is making television history by allowing viewers to own a stake in the startup ideas pitched on television. A new patent-pending technology, called Textinvesting(TM), enables viewers to use their mobile phone to crowdinvest from their couch as they view the pitch on TV, the web or their mobile device. The format introduces an emerging startup culture full of dynamic personalities and drama to a broader public. The importance of entrepreneurship is highlighted, and as viewers imagine themselves in these roles, they simultaneously have an opportunity to learn, jump in and take action. A potential new investor is now a click away.
199 ::: The Great Asteroid (2007) ::: Heaven & The Great Astroid Wormwood is the sixth episode in The Heaven or Hell? Series. This is a Faith-based independent film series created in an adventure/folk art style. The story is about an evangelical married couple called by God to save sin city from the prophetic asteroid Wormwood. Meanwhile, the AntiChrist's New World Order has planned an attack to corrupt their message and kill them.
200 ::: Marlon (2008) ::: Marlon is the iconic story of a 17-year-old blind teenager who looks like a 10-year-old boy. His blissful innocence brightens his bleak fate brought about by his disability and his family's miseries. The film starts with his great desire for knowledge. He wants to go to school despite the suspension of classes in all levels caused by a coup d'etat threat to the national government on February 24, 2005. Marlon's mother is subservient to her child's needs. She believes God is punishing her with his condition because she attempted to get rid of him in birth. She gives up her entire life taking care of him. Marlon's family is also grieving over the death of his eldest brother who gets killed by a bully, a son of a local official. His father continues to pursue the criminal case against the suspect despite the sluggishness and inanities of the rural court. At times, he could understand the proceedings which are usually conducted in the English language. Marlon's ultimate dream is to become a school teacher for the visually impaired. Nothing can stop him from pursuing this dream, not poverty, or his family's tragedies; and not even people's apathy. As he usually says, he is not blind, he just winks a lot. He may not see the world for all its beauty and its tragedy, but in his mind he vividly perceives the brightness of day with the sound of his infectious laughter. He can hear the weary mundane noises with his imminent sense of affect. His unwavering faith in the Divine through his resilient songs and prayers has clearly defined his undying hope and zest for life.
201 ::: Black Ruby (2017) ::: Two best friends, Jules and Louis, hustlers and jazz musicians struggle to create a hit song planned to put Jules on the path to stardom. When Ruby, a young seductive black-Hispanic escort finagles her way into their lives. Ruby turns their friendship upside down distracting Jules from his music and causing Louis to street fight his best friend's debts away.
202 ::: Taming Jessica Lang (2007) ::: The World is a crazy place, but so is Jessica. Her life, was a normal life; her mother and father did their best, to give her everything she wanted in life. They never complained because of the cost of her mental issues, she is their child after all. Even the cost of replacing the pets she killed was okay. It's a part of growing up, her father always said. It's now time for Ethan, to fix what her parents did not. He now has the job of, Taming Jessica Lang.
203 ::: Berkeley (2005) ::: Berkeley is the story of Ben Sweet, an eighteen year old boy who comes to UC Berkeley in 1968 to study accounting and avoid the draft. There begins an odyssey through sex, drugs, rock and roll, and political activism which turns his world upside down and leaves him on a path of exploration and self-discovery, far from the life of his father, Sy Sweet. The film depicts a group of young people protesting the Vietnam War.
204 ::: Dogwoman: The Legend of Dogwoman (2001) ::: Margaret O'Halloran sets out to discover whether a dog killed her friend and mentor, Harry Bowman. To do this, O'Halloran must delve into the dark secrets of her home town and what she finds not only turns her world upside down, it could cost her life.
205 ::: Unconscious Bias (2015) ::: We all have them, unconscious biases infect even the most open-mined individual. They can be very consequential. Cache' a biracial 26 year old's story was headline news, a love story with a tragic ending. Tony a Professor at Cornell University, a Muslim teen, and many others share stories that prove regardless of education, economic privilege, or being an American citizen how unconscious biases are the root of many bigoted actions. These actions often don't represent who we think we are, until after a swift decision has been made and the severity of the action leaves no room for denial. We are asked to challenge ourselves and are given a start point to begin the process to become aware and work on eliminating these biases.
206 ::: The Hardest Love (2013) ::: THE HARDEST LOVE centers around Victor Velazquez, an 80's Latin Freestyle singer trying to stay relevant in today's youth driven music scene. Victors drug and substance abuse sends him spiraling down a dark path as he is forced to deal with his inner demons, deep rooted family issues,and the seemingly never ending battle between Melissa, his current girlfriend and China, his longtime fling and former Latin pop teen sensation.
207 ::: Dance, Dance, Dance (2010) ::: Famed choreographer Arlene Philips takes us through her favourite dances from traditional ballet, through swing and cutting edge contemporary dance. Shot in stunning 3D at incredible unexpected locations in London. A spectacular dance film shot in 3D presented by Arlene Philips and featuring some of Britain's top choreographers and dance troupes including English National Ballet, Shobana Jeyasingh, and Combination Dance. International 3D Society Award for Entertainment and Music at Mann's Chinese Theatre Hollywood.
208 ::: In Defense of Food (2015) ::: In Defense of Food tackles a question more and more people around the world have been asking: What should I eat to be healthy? Based on award-winning journalist Michael Pollan's best-selling book, the program explores how the modern diet has been making us sick and what we can do to change it.
209 ::: Patth (2003) ::: Avi comes from a poor family and lives with his mother and sister, Nandini. He sees that Nandini has befriended a local gangster by the name of Bhullar, and quietly resents this. When Nandini is killed, Avi and two male friends, Golu and Hari, decide to avenge her death - by killing Bhullar. They turn themselves in to Bhullar's boss, Vaman Rao, and let him decide their fate. Vamam Rao is impressed by this, and inducts them in his gang. Soon they become very close to Vaman, and become his most trusted associates. Then a corrupt Police Inspector named Rokde finds out that Golu is having an affair with his wife, Sangeeta, and decides to teach him a lesson. When Vaman comes to know, he makes a compromise with Rokde, and agrees to have Golu killed. When Avi and Hari find out about this, they band together and decide to go against Vaman and his men - but soon find themselves outnumbered, and also on the run from the police, on a road that will only lead to their deaths.
210 ::: Adios, muchachos (1978) ::: Pesho seems to float above the ground and in such state of mind solve the most important problems. Along with him are his friends - Mariya and Boyan. Mariya is ready to sacrifice herself, but the one who dies is Boyan. His cruel death shocks everyone. How should they react after they find out who is the murderer of their friend? Today's Pesho remembers a pretty girl in the middle of an unreal garden. Memory and reality intertwine to convey the perplexity of moral ideas.
211 ::: Nollen and Jacobsen: Live at Glenfiddich House (1996) ::: Iowa musicians Scott Nollen and Todd Jacobsen perform original and traditional music from their 21-year collaborations. Songs include "Down in Alabama," "Cold Shoulder," "Back from the Past" and "Bonny Boys of Bedlam." The concert video premiered at the Freethought Artfest in Los Angeles on October 19, 1996.
212 ::: Headless: The Ed Shales Story (2016) ::: Starring Nathan McMullen (Misfits, Doctor Who) Andrew Ellis (This Is England) and introducing Michaela Longden. Since his tragic childhood accident involving a roller-coaster, Ed has had to live with his head still fully functional but detached from his body. This film catches up with Ed years later, now an adult. It explores how he deals with the difficulties and stresses of everyday life like work, socializing with friends and maintaining relationships within his home life.
213 ::: Set It Up (2018) ::: Two young assistants in New York City realize they can make their lives easier by setting up their workaholics bosses to date. While trying to perpetuate this romantic ruse between their nightmare bosses, the assistants realize they might be right for each other.
214 ::: Lydia Gilmore (1915) ::: Although she loves humble Ralph Benham, Lydia marries the wealthy Dr. Gilmore at the request of her guardian aunt. After a few years, Gilmore becomes involved with Mrs. Stracey, a family friend, but is discovered and confronted by Mr. Stracey, who is killed by Gilmore during an ensuing fight. To protect her son Ned, Lydia agrees to lie to the authorities about Gilmore's whereabouts and is counseled on her trial testimony by a sympathetic Ralph, who, by coincidence, is the prosecutor in the case. In court, Lydia repeats her protective lies, but her story is thrown into question when her servant testifies that Ralph visited Lydia on the night of the murder. Suspicious, the judge demands that Ned be called to the witness stand, but unable to allow her son to lie under oath, Lydia finally confesses. Faced with a severe sentence, Gilmore commits suicide, and Lydia suffers a nervous breakdown but is cared for tenderly by Ralph and his sister.
215 ::: Daisy and Simon (1989) ::: Daisy, a gun-toting grumpy old battle-axe, eeking out her life in a tumbledown shack in the middle of nowhere. Into her life stumbles Simon, a mild-mannered accountant. Together, they form an uneasy alliance that is hilarious to watch. Gradually he helps her rediscover her zestful youth in return for stability in his troubled life.
216 ::: Sonar (2017) ::: Thomas, a 34-years-old sound engineer, has a well-orderd life, balanced between his work for the radio, the bands for which he records and the sound portraits that he would like to carry out. Often locked up in his studio, he prefers having himself surrounded by sounds rather than by people. Fred, his nice and portly alter ego, blames him for his solitary behaviour. Thomas has a shallow relationship with his mother. After one of his rare visits to her place in the provinces, he records sounds on a motorway and meets Amina, a 22 year-old young and pretty girl from the Maghreb who works there. A fight with her boss compels Thomas to interfere. Amina asks him if she could leave with him, she implies she is in danger. Thomas tries to avoid it but he finally agrees to have her at his place for a night or two.
217 ::: Zero Hour (1992) ::: The transgression and confrontation is re-enacted in this brilliant fugue-like film by Dana Plays constructed of found footage, and concerning both American involvement in oversees conflict and the resultant unseen plight of the child refugee. Subverting state-sponsored informational films on such issues as war bonds and highway safety, Plays transforms these agit-prop rhetorics into a celluloid mirror of transgression as a larger cultural pathology. In Zero Hour, the results - the products of war return to the initial cite of production: an assumed audience of Americans, middle-class citizens of an ideal suburban dream who have somehow foregone the immediate experiences and repercussion of mass destruction and displacement. The gaze rests on us. We are the sugar-stated, hyper and unaware violator, an audience whose relationship to world events is nowhere more homogeneous than in or communal incubation and guilt.
218 ::: La garçonne (1957) ::: Monique is an ingenue,a clueless girl,who believes in true love ,for her Fiancé is a handsome man ,and anyway at the time (early twentieth century) ,marriage is the only thing a decent girl must long for. When she discovers her future husband has a lover,she rebels against her bourgeois family and their money match :she will lead a free wild life .She will live like a man .Soon she becomes the toast of the Gai Paris,sleeping with all the men around ,and even with a woman.
219 ::: The Obsidian Curse (2016) ::: Blair Jensen, a young mother, get's released out of prison after being arrested on multiple drug charges one year earlier. On the day of the release, Blair received shocking news that her boyfriend got married to someone else who's now playing mother to her daughter Linda. When Blair finally reunites with her daughter she's facing a social worker giving her the devastating news she has restricted visits only until she can prove in court that she can obtain and require full time employment.
220 ::: Second Century Stewardship: Acadia National Park (2016) ::: It is the dawn of the second century for Acadia National Park and the US National Park Service. Explore the science beyond the stunning scenery of Acadia National Park and how the wise stewardship of this national treasure will benefit future generations.
221 ::: Melissa P. (2005) ::: Melissa lives with her mother and her grandmother in Sicily. She has a close relationship with her grandmother, a heavy smoker, who seems to be the only person in the world who understands Melissa. Melissa's father lives in another country. One day Melissa and her friend go to a party at a school friend's home. While there, Melissa meets Daniele, a boy from the school, and has her first sexual experience. The experience is far from being what Melissa always has dreamed it would be, because Daniele forces her and later forgets her. However, Melissa has fallen in love with Daniele. Back at school, when Melissa tries to get Daniele's attention, he barely remembers her. He takes advantage of Melissa's feelings for him, convincing her to have sex with him whenever he wants. When Melissa discovers Daniele's true motivations, she takes revenge by having even wilder sexual experiences with him and other boys. She even begins keeping a diary to document her sexual experiences. Melissa's mother is worried and tries to approach her distant daughter, while her grandmother is sent off to a rest home. Melissa is an adolescent girl who lives with her mother and her grandmother in Sicily. The girl carries a closer relationship with her grandmother, a quite smoker woman, the only person in the world who understands Melissa. Melissa's father lives in other country. One day, Melissa and her friend go to a party at the house of some school friend. There, Melissa will have her first sexual experience with Daniele, a boy from the school. The experience is far from being what Melissa always has imagined, because Daniele forces her to make out and later forgot her for several months. But now Melissa is in love with Daniele. When they're back to school, Melissa will try to call Daniele's attention, but he barely reminds her. Nevertheles, Daniele will seize the opportunity of taking advantage from Melissa's crush, convincing her of having sex every time he wants. However, Melissa finds out Daniele's real intentions, and she will take a sort of revenge against him, having heavier sexual experiences with him and other boys. In fact, she will start a diary, in which she'll write all her sexual experiences in the future. Melissa's mother is worried, trying to approach to her distant daughter, while the grandmother will be sent to an old's people home.
222 ::: My Hero (????) ::: Derek Stone is a special forces officer currently serving his last deployment over seas. When it's time to come home, his PTSD becomes very overwhelming causing drama between his family and friends. Derek refuses help and finds his own way out of his misery.
223 ::: Récits d'Ellis Island (1980) ::: "Ellis Island Stories, Stories of Wandering and Hope" - the book is composed of three major parts. The first, through a visit to Ellis Island and with the help of texts and documents, restored what everyday life was about what some called "the island of tears". In the second part, "Description of a path", Georges Perec evokes his personal relationship with the themes of dispersion and identity. The third part, "Mémoires", takes up the testimonies of men and women who, as children, have passed through Ellis Island and tell of their expectations, their hopes, their dreams, their integration into American life.
224 ::: The Small Miracle (1951) ::: Peppino ,the endearing young hero of this beautiful fable,although he is a priest's friend ,is not understood by the almighty clergy:his donkey is ill,and he does believe that Saint Francis Of Assisi (Peppino lives in Assisi)can cure his pet. After all,He did heal his pal's kitten ;but to get a donkey into a crypt comes against a refusal .Nevertheless, the boy never takes no for an answer and he will walk all the way to Rome to see the Holy Father.
225 ::: Wayne County Ramblin' (2006) ::: Interweaving fact, folklore, fiction, religion, and lies, Wayne County Ramblin' seeks to reveal its' landscape as part of a great creole nation. It is at heart a road movie that travels south, in the opposite direction of the historical great migration of African-Americans. The story centers around young European-Americans Penny & her boyfriend Johnny, who leave Detroit in search of Penny's long-lost Grandfather, Simon, who is believed to be now-retired and living in his native Mississippi. Mugged and tied-up by the side of the road, they meet Jim, also from Michigan, heading to Mississippi on college break to chase the ghost of William Faulkner. Jim initially appears a fortunate opportunity to achieve their goal but sexual tensions and insecurities quickly cloud and threaten their destinations. But even if they are not aware of it, these three young Americans' lives are being directed by three west-African spirits, who are leading them to a better sense of who they really are.
226 ::: Nuestro abuelo (2007) ::: This is the first time these people have been filmed by a non indigenous person ever. A journey into the unknown Benjamin Johns, DOP Robert Shacklady and Ayesha Celis were in the remote mountains of central Mexico for only 9 days. What they filmed with no prior permission gives a unique insight into a tribe who's Shamanic way of life has been unchanged for 1000's of years.
227 ::: Passioni (2012) ::: In line with the principles of his ecological "conversion", Matteo Argento, chief financial officer of a multinational company, leaves, along with his wife Lydia, the city's mayhem and pollution to move to a country house. Here, he is bewitched by the spell of Nature and, even more, by the charm of a young beautiful peasant, Matilde, who is in turn caught by the charm of a city man, because of his culture and sexual sophistication. A great passionate love breaks out as Matilde discovers the magic of embodying the goddess Matteo had only dreamed of in his fetish fantasies, which he never dared confess to his wife. Their love enjoys a brief span, though, owing to the sudden death of Matilde in an accident in the fields. Matteo falls into deep depression and after separating from his wife, manages to recover only after a long psychotherapy. His bellicose temper is roused again by the outburst of the 2007 financial crisis, driving him to rise against the monetary system, starting with the opening of a new office to give assistance to the victims of banks' abuses. However, he is unable to forget Matilde and cherishes the illusion he may revive her in his young assistant, Macrina, who in the long run barely stands his absurd demand. She leaves him in the end, plunging him once again into despair. Matteo lives this abandonment like the second death of Matilde.
228 ::: Home Across Lands (2009) ::: A documentary that explores the journey of resettlement-- it tells the story of a small group of Kunama refugees and how they reestablish their sense of community in their new home in America. Considered to be some of the original inhabitants of Eritrea, the Kunama people are a marginalized minority populating the remote and fertile regions near the border of Ethiopia. In 1998, war between Eritrea and Ethiopia broke out in a conflict over these border lands forcing over 4,000 Kunama to flee across the border into Northern Ethiopia. In 2000, the war ended with the Eritrean government regaining control of the disputed area, separating thousands of Kunama from their homeland and way of life. Today the Kunama wait in desolation, 45 km from the disputed Eritrean/Ethiopian border, warehoused in the Shimelba Refugee Camp in Northern Ethiopia. Life in the camp is difficult and opportunities for a better life are nonexistent, but the Kunama remain committed to their strong sense of community and family in spite of their displacement. Unwanted in Ethiopia and unable to return to their homes safely, a small number of Kunama are given the opportunity for resettlement in the United States. HOME ACROSS LANDS chronicles the journey of these newly arrived Kunama as they strive to become self-reliant, invested participants in their new home. Guiding their transition is the resettlement agency, International Institute of Rhode Island, that connects them to the resources they need as they work to establish a new community and better life for their families.
229 ::: "Hríchy pro pátera Knoxe" (1992) ::: TV criminal series with Zlata Adamovská as singer (and detective) Eva Adamová. Each story contains at least one "sin" against the Decalogue of friar Knox who wrote ten things the good crime story should not contain, e. g. No secret tunnels or rooms, No paranormal things, No twins or doppelgangers etc.
230 ::: Batimam e Robim (1997) ::: Batimam and Robim are two close friends. Their real names are Léo and Mário, but they've got those nicknames after dressing up for mardi-gras as Batman and Robin. To get some money, they decide to rob a small supermarket, but they meet some reaction and Mário gets shot by the owner, who is killed by Léo. They run away and find solace in an abandoned house. Léo decides to go out to try to get some help for his friend, whose leg was wounded, but to no avail. When he returns, the two start an argument.
231 ::: Il fiume del grande caimano (1979) ::: A tourist resort in Africa finds itself at the mercy of a huge man-eating crocodile from a local native legend which the croc is the incarnation of a native god angered by the intrusion of the tourists on its nesting ground. After a new natives are killed and eaten, they naturally blame the tourists and set out to kill them while the survivors try to rally on a boat with the hungry crocodile in the water, and the blood-thirsty natives on land waiting for them.
232 ::: Paper Chase (????) ::: PAPER CHASE follows Alicia, an ideal-driven, well-meaning, somewhat pretentious New Orleans high school senior ready to reinvent herself at Kensington University. After finding out she wasn't awarded a $10,000 grant she was overly confident she'd receive, she must figure out another way to come up with tuition money before summer ends.
233 ::: Ageless Heroes (1998) ::: A one-hour special, AGELESS HEROES. capturing the spirit, vitality and potential of men and women who have achieved success and continue to do so beyond the age of 65. Among the "heroes" to be saluted are singer/dancer/actress Eartha Kitt; jazz musician Dr. Bily Taylor; and civil rights activist and former U.N. Ambassador Andrew Young.
234 ::: Prima la musica, poi le parole (1998) ::: A little boy grows up isolated from the world with his father, who teaches him a secret language to communicate. When the father dies, the boy has to relate to his society, but is completely unable to talk. A psycologist will take care of his case, and try to discover his secret code.
235 ::: "Aweful Movies with Deadly Earnest" (1967/III) ::: Hedley Cullen was the fifth and final actor to play Deadly Earnest in Australia. He was one of the five different actors to play Deadly. The Deadly Earnest character was originated in Western Australia's TVW-7 in 1961. Cullen's show aired between 1967-1974, 1975, 1978 on SAS-10 Adelaide; and TVW-7 Perth in 1975. In 1975, Cullen also hosted as Deadly Earnest, a childrens' afternoon cartoon show - "Deadly's Delirious Delights". Cullen started his television career by appearing the 1962 telemovie "The Valley of Water". He was to appear in 19 movies, telemovies and televisions shows including "Consider Your Verdict", "My Name's McGooley, What's Yours?", "Boney", "Homicide", "Matlock Police", "Solo One", "Sunday Too Far Away", "Storm Boy", "The Last Wave", "Weekend of Shadows" with his final appearance in the movie "Call Me Mr. Brown" released in 1990. At the start of each show, Cullen would rise from his coffin. He would introduce each movie followed by his laughter slowly fading away. His trade mark was a set of googly eyes, which made him look very scary. He also had a skull named Yorick as his partner. Cullen had a large following, with children sending in their drawings. In an interview he was quoted as saying that he was paid only $20 per episode.
236 ::: Six Words (2014) ::: During the 1960's the Danfifer family was torn apart and separated by an abusive husband and father. Almost 50 years later the family is left with a million questions for the estranged man that caused so much of their pain. Six Words is the story of one family's journey to finally put the pieces of their past together, find closure, and move forward.
237 ::: Jarilike (2016) ::: It is the beginning of the 9th century in south-eastern Europe, plagued by political turmoil. A young Slav named Ivan finds himself in the midst of a conflict that has been raging since the dawn of time, traveling without hope of ever avenging the death of his parents.
238 ::: The Adventures of the Fatbat Episode III, Queen of the City: Part I, the Fall of Gotham (2018) ::: The Fatbat has retired and left Gotham City with Silver St. Cloud to take on a chance on himself, A chance at love. Harley Quinn and Joker have risen to take control of the criminal underworld as their band of crazed clowns known as the 'Clown College' attack Gotham City. They attack the Justice Buddies isolating them one by one. Wonderwoman must leave Gotham, The Green Lantern and Black Widow hospitalized. A henpecked Aquaman gets taken home by Mera, Batchick has been assimilated as a borgh. The Flash in hiding. The Bat family barred from entering Gotham. Mr. Super goes horse back riding and gets disabled. He crawls to find his friend Bruce. Can the Fatbat defeat the clown college? Can he united the fractured but whole Justice Buddies? Will he even try? Action/Comedy/Parody that addresses such issues as obligation, friendship and love. a 'batman' love story.
239 ::: Sunset Blues (2009) ::: "The Sunset Blues" animated film originated and was produced as a logical continuation of the filmmaker's two previous film series - "Moving paintings" and "Deconstructed Diaries". It was a daunting task to find harmony in a semi-abstract film and accompanying music. The film is striving for the way of finding perfect harmony for every color through a precisely calculated shape it represented. Film directors, especially with artistic background, know how crucial is the understanding of the scale of a colors in a film frame composition. There is a high degree of complexity in proportions and correspondence with the other colors in one mise en scčne; the shape visible in yellow will become color indifferent if depicted in green, i.e. an object that is perfect in yellow, will be read as secondary, and grayed out in human perception, if painted in a different color. Moving Painting film series project has reference to a long track in history of visual arts in exploration of correlation of music and shape animation. Most famous examples include Viking Eggeling, "Diagonal Symphony", "Space Modulator" by László Moholy-Nagy [c 1942]., "DREITEILIGE FARBSONATINE" (1923) by Ludwig Hirschfeld-Mack, Oskar Fischinger with his 'Sound Scrolls', Ballet Mécanique (1924) by Fernand Léger It was fascinating to invent the ways of illustrating music in film, to animate an image based on parameters of a different media - music. Experiments were going on for as long as we know cinematography with some major project to contribute by the era of psychedelic reality in the sixties. The film visually refers to landscape-cityscapes compositions, and has the same characteristics of balance within a frame of a painter's canvas. Watching it is like observing and artist in his studio painting an artwork over and over again.
240 ::: Hamou beya (2012) ::: "Sand fishing" within the river Niger: the lack of water and fish forces Mali's inhabitants to create a new livelihood. Young men take sand from the riverbed and sell it to the flourishing construction industry. A Sisyphus story which offers a true insight into the protagonists' situation
241 ::: "The Shade: Webseries" (2016) ::: Following the events of Season 1, the cast settles into their new reality. Even when it seems like there is light at the end of the tunnel, there is always darkness trying to creep in through the cracks. Follow them as they face a tragic event with a good friend.
242 ::: "Killers" (2016) ::: After the set back in the park they gang decides to prey upon some minorities sense they also seem to die first in Horror Movies. Upon Nick's suggestion they sneak The Horror Hound into a house party that is supposedly packed with none white guests.
243 ::: Money Makers (2010) ::: From the brilliant mind of David "Cowboy" Keary in conjunction with Northern Lights Productions, comes a new film, "MoneyMakers." The film digs deep into the struggles of four inner city teens, who are consumed with the common chase for the money and the power. In this new powerful movie, the crew who deem their nickname the "SouthSide MoneyMakers," anxiously search for a way out of the hood and ways to gain prosperity. Big dreams and hopes to live a better life fuel their desire to achieve more, but before they can reach their big dreams, they are caught up in drugs, violence, and the struggles with life. Eventually the money, power, and greed overcome the boys friendship, with causes jealousy and betrayal within the crew, which leads to their tragic downfall. Guest appearances from Young Buck, Pimpin Ken, The Roc's Freeway, and others. The film has completed production. The Movie will be distributed worldwide, and will also be available at local rental stores, on demand, and syndicated television later this year. Stay tuned for new updates!
244 ::: "Parental Discretion with Stefanie Wilder-Taylor" (2012) ::: A look at every occasion fromclass parties to Bar Mitzvahs. What do you bring to thepotluck? How much do you spend on a birthday gift? Should your kid open the presents in front of everyone orwait till they leave? Thank you cards, no thank you cards?
245 ::: Freedom of the City (1975) ::: A play by Frian Friel, adapted for television by Hugh Webster. The story of three Londonderry citizens who took refuge in the Guildhall, escaping from the gas bombs and confusion of riot-filled streets during a confrontation between civil rights marchers and the military. Their story emerges in a series of flashbacks as a judge presides over a court of inquiry into their deaths.
246 ::: Letters to Jackie: Remembering President Kennedy (2013) ::: When President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963, the world came to a crashing halt as the nation grieved for its leader whose promise of a brighter future was cut tragically short. During this time the president's widow, Jacqueline Kennedy, received thousands of letters from the public offering their heartfelt condolences. This touching film focuses on these deeply personal letters that flooded in from all over the country to comfort a woman they greatly admired who was not just the fashionable First Lady, but also a wife and a mother. Set against a treasure trove of archival footage taken during the Kennedy era, the moving letters are read by twenty of today's top actors. When President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963, the world came to a crashing halt as the nation grieved for its leader whose promise of a brighter future was cut tragically short. During this time the president's widow, Jacqueline Kennedy, received thousands of letters from the public offering their heartfelt condolences. This touching film focuses on these deeply personal letters that flooded in from all over the country to comfort a woman they greatly admired who was not just the fashionable First Lady, but also a wife and a mother. Set against a treasure trove of archival footage taken during the Kennedy era, the moving letters are read by twenty of today's top actors.
247 ::: Die Stewardessen (1971) ::: Four intercontinental airplane stewardesses based in New York fly to various sexual experiences all over Europe, including Zurich, Copenhagen, Rome and Munich. Each flight seems to have only one or two stewardesses.
248 ::: Welcome to the Rec (2008) ::: Problems erupt when a melee breaks out at the Inglewood Recreation Center two weeks before annual fashion show. Now with all the different cliques at odds it is up to ELLE FRISCO and her 'Good Girl' Clique to pull it back together all while a reality TV crew captures the lives of these youth. Welcome To The Rec, is a mosaic swatch of Los Angeles youth culture, which has the characters and story lines of a John Hughes film, with the honesty of the movie KIDS.
249 ::: Missing: The Dennis Martin Case (2017) ::: The Martin family were on a relaxing camping and hiking trip in the Great Smoky Mountains. Everyone was having fun and enjoying the great outdoors. Then tragedy strikes and the Martins are faced with the reality that their young son is missing. It is every parents worse nightmare. This film chronicles those events and explores some of the lesser known aspects of the case. Based on real events.
250 ::: "We Are Darren and Riley" (2014) ::: Darren and Riley are two Brisbane comedians, slugging it out on the local comedy circuit. Wayne, a revered talent manager, spots the duo and sees their futures together. He offers to take them on and guide them towards a career in television - and not in an entirely conventional manner.
251 ::: Melissa Etheridge: A New Thought for Christmas (2009) ::: Academy Award winner and all out rocker Melissa Etheridge shows her holiday side in A New Thought For Christmas (Live). A live performance companion to her holiday album of the same name, Melissa shows everyone how the holidays can rock. This hour plus long set includes originals like "Christmas In America" and classics such as "Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas" and has something for everyone. Don't spend the holidays alone - spend them rocking out with Melissa Etheridge.
252 ::: Lambada (1990/II) ::: Michael č a Rio de Janeiro per alcune riprese cinematografiche quando si innamora, ricambiato, di Regina. Regina č perň la donna di Temistocles che pare abbia giŕ fatto uccidere un uomo di cui Regina si era innamorata. Inizia cosě una specie di battaglia tra Michael e Temistocles spalleggiato dalla sua banda che si occupa di scommesse clandestine. Su tutto aleggia il ritmo della lambada, che Regina non vuole piů ballare dopo la morte dell'uomo che amava. Lambada alla cui gara finale partecipano sia la scuola di Linda, che lavora per Michael, che quella di Temistocles. E forse tutto si aggiusterŕ al suo caldo ritmo.
253 ::: Closet Doors (2017) ::: What is coming out from the other side of the conversation? For parents, that conversation ends with suddenly having to reshape your ideas, plans, and relationship with your child. Through a series of interviews, this documentary fixes its lens on the mothers, fathers, grandparents, and guardians of LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender) individuals who have come out of the closet. The film looks into the relationships that are healthy and healed, as well as those in which the coming out process has fractured families. The film explores the ongoing reality of coming out. Every new job, new friend, new situation, simply put, coming out never ends. How coming out has changed the most fundamental relationship to our lives, across the height of the AIDS crisis, to the current generation of national marriage equality is what our film will celebrate. Being out is a journey, not a destination.
254 ::: Beyond the Steps: Alvin Ailey American Dance (2006) ::: BEYOND THE STEPS follows Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater during a pivotal time in its history as the company ventures abroad while establishing new roots at home in New York City. When the company moves into a state-of-the-art facility called "the largest in the country devoted exclusively to dance," longtime company Artistic Director Judith Jamison creates a new ballet entitled Love Stories. Choreographed in collaboration with hip-hop pioneer Rennie Harris and modern dance maverick Robert Battle, Jamison explains that Love Stories expresses "the past, present and future" of the company. Ailey dancers take center stage in this documentary as the troupe brings this new work to the White Nights Dance Festival in St. Petersburg, Russia.
255 ::: Le cri cosmique (2011) ::: Portrait of a musical genius whose talent has no equal other than the absurdity of his instrument: his cough. For years, he has coughed with the world's finest orchestras and top soloists. Today, this virtuoso with the soul of a poet is retiring from the scene. A reporter follows him in the weeks leading up to his farewell concert.
256 ::: Bising: Noise & Experimental Music in Indonesia (2014) ::: Indonesian noise, the largest scene of extreme and independent music scene is the biggest in South-East Asia. This documentary gives an extensive overview with numerous bands, artists and speakers, all from Jakarta, Bandung, Bekasi, Yogyakarta, and Tokyo, who freely talk about their own definitions and approaches to noise music.
257 ::: The Day Kennedy Died (2013) ::: Captures the frantic rush to the local hospital, the public chaos that ensued, the quickly mobilized manhunt by law enforcement looking for a suspect after witnesses identified the source of the gunshots as the Texas Book Depository, and the clash and confusion of media and authorities as Oswald is brought in for interrogation.
258 ::: The Valley Below (2014) ::: Told through a series of interweaving dramatic stories, The Valley Below chronicles the life of a small town over the course of one year. The film's protagonists include a pregnant teenager, a hard-drinking musician, a reclusive taxidermist, and an ambitious RCMP officer.
259 ::: Back Slash (2005) ::: An unrelenting killer stalks two gorgeous freshman students after they're cast as the unwitting stars of a low-budget student slasher film and its lethal website. They quickly find by themselves trapped in a brutal "reality movie" where they must outwit a killer who loves promotion more than slashing. Can they conserve by themselves from the ultimate splatter film closing?
260 ::: Pis nous autres dans tout ça (2008) ::: What would happen if three huge Franco-Ontarian flags wandered over the Plains of Abraham in Quebec City during the St. Jean Baptiste celebrations? A young Ontario francophone, Andréanne Germain, goes in search of an answer. Her idea isn't to provoke Quebecers but to sensitize them to an overlooked reality. The setting she chooses is St. Jean Baptiste, formerly a celebration for French Canadians in general, but since 1967 the Quebec national holiday. So, where do we fit in? is what Andréanne asks of the Quebec nationalists, playfully but implying the existence of a third Canadian solitude.
261 ::: Screen Snapshots: Hollywood Stunt Men (1953) ::: George Montgomery, once a stuntman/double, primarily in Republic westerns circa 1938-39 as George Letz, visits Ralph Staub to look at some footage of stuntmen in action. They discuss the hazardous and dangerous work the unheralded and uncredited stunt men perform.
262 ::: Le challat de Tunis (2013) ::: Tunisia, before the revolution. A man on a motorbike, razor blade in hand, prowls the streets of Tunis slashing women's buttocks. They call him The Challat, aka "The Blade", and the mere mention of his name provokes fascination and terror. Is he a lone criminal, an urban legend, or could he be the creation of a political group or religious fanatics? 10 years later, in the aftermath of the Arab Spring, a stubborn young female director sets out on an investigation to unravel the mystery and discover the true Challat of Tunis... In pre-revolution Tunis, a moped rider, razor blade in hand, prowls the streets, slashing the most beautiful buttocks of women walking the streets. His name, The Challat. Ten years later a young female director seeks him out to make him answer for his crimes.
263 ::: Secret Video Game Tricks, Codes & Strategies - Volume 3 (1989) ::: Members of the U.S. National Video Game TeamŽ show players how to perform the coolest tricks and secret codes on the most popular games for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1989. This rare third edition includes Bomberman, Bubble Bobble, Bad Dudes and WWF WrestleMania.
264 ::: Noche (2013) ::: The story is of the bare bones sort and involves a collection of acquaintances who have gathered at a house in the rural back of beyond. Their mutual pal, sound record's Miguel, is dead and they are working through their grief by hanging out with one another and listening to his records being pumped out at high volume from speakers on his estate.
265 ::: "Low Strung" (2017) ::: Shervin and Victoria experience a number of mini-adventures smattered with elements of the surreal, often blurring the lines themselves using mind-altering drugs. This lends a fresh, satirical, and often perplexing way for the viewer to vicariously experience tinder dates, pet ownership, Xboxs, exercise, sex, technology, and social media. All against the backdrop of Chicago, a city that shares characteristics with the main characters: inviting, yet frightening, beautiful, yet raw, teeming with the unexpected. An audacious pair of friends - Victoria and Shervin - explore chaotic endeavors through a surreal lens in Chicago. Fresh, satirical, and often perplexing, Low Strung gives viewers a chance to vicariously experience sex, drugs, and montages.
266 ::: "Expedition Unknown: Hunt for ExtraTerrestrials" (2017) ::: Josh's journey continues on remote Easter Island, where ancient alien theorists believe extraterrestrials visited a millennia ago. Then, he goes to the site of a recent meteorite strike in Zimbabwe that could prove life on Earth began in outer space.
267 ::: The Other Side of the Ledger: An Indian View of the Hudson's Bay Company (1972) ::: In 1970, Canada and the United Kingdom celebrated the 300th anniversary of the Hudson's Bay Company, but the event was not a happy one for many Canadian Indians. This documentary shows the event from the perspective of the indigenous people of Canada.
268 ::: Unfinished Business (2016/I) ::: Reeling after her grandmother succumbs to a long battle with cancer, 22-year-old Bailey Wallace has her life thrown into even more disarray when she begins to suspect that the home she shared with her grandmother may be haunted by a ghost lurking deep in the basement. Left alone in the house when her parents go out of town, Bailey notices the ghostly activity increase, and finds herself being haunted not only by the house, but by fragments of her childhood that stab at her in quick bursts, slowly reminding her of a terrible event that happened in the basement, something that she's blocked out for years: the death of her older sister, at the hands of a man Bailey barely remembers, her own grandfather. As the haunting and her own mind start to spiral out of control, Bailey must face what her grandfather did, and also realize that her grandfather's ghost may have returned to the house with the intention of finishing some horrible business that he started many years ago.
269 ::: Primed (????) ::: A Young man right off the streets is forced into a life of crime and illegal street fighting to maintain a comfortable life for his mentally challenged brother Joe. It becomes clear that he will do anything for him and those close to him, even risking his own life and attempting to take down anyone that gets in his way.
270 ::: Future Weather (2012) ::: When her single mom runs off to California, Lauduree, a passionate environmentalist, clings to her rural home and a carbon sequestration experiment. But her grandmother Greta, a caustic nurse on the verge of moving in with her long-distance boyfriend, has other plans. Thrust into each other's lives, the two women must learn to trust each other and leap into the unknown.
271 ::: La caresse d'une ride (1996) ::: Rien n'arrętera Minou Petrowski d'aimer, de vivre, de travailler. Mais ŕ 64 ans, elle se dit terrifiée. Non pas de vieillir, mais d'ętre empęchée d'exister pour ces quelques rides dont le temps l'a gratifiée. Journaliste ŕ la radio nationale, cette passionnée de cinéma avoue sereinement son âge, mais refuse dans le fait de vieillir tout ce qui tue le désir et atrophie l'esprit. Ŕ son exemple, d'autres hommes et femmes nourrissent encore mille projets ou renouent avec l'amour. Leurs propos alternent avec des scčnes allégoriques montrant des femmes Ťdécorées, parées, réparéesť, en quęte de la fontaine de Jouvence. Ŕ l'illusion de la jeunesse, Minou Petrowski préfčre vivre en état de risque, le plus intensément possible.
272 ::: The Laramie Trail (1944) ::: Rafadan finds nothing but trouble when he and Frog go to settle the ranch that Bill Smith traded for his California ranch. On the trail, they find the dazed Jim Terrill who is accused of killing Smith. But Rafadan believes that Jim is innocent and works to free him and catch the true killer.
273 ::: Six Minutes to Midnight (????) ::: Summer 1939. Influential families in Nazi Germany have sent their daughters to a finishing school in an English sea side town to learn the language and be ambassadors for a future looking National Socialist. A teacher there sees what is coming and is trying to raise the alarm. But no one is listening.
274 ::: Relentless IV: Ashes to Ashes (1994) ::: The fourth Relentless movie has Detective Sam Dietz (Leo Rossi) investigating a series of ritual murders committed by another L.A. serial killer. The only clue linking the victims is that all of them were in the services of a shady and unconventional therapist named Dr. Sara Lee Jaffee (Famke Janssen) who may know a lot more than what she is telling. Dietz and his new detective partner, Jessica Parreti (Colleen Coffey), think there is a link between Dr. Jaffee's therapy sessions and the murder victims when they learn that all of them had a near-death experience in the past. On the home front, the recently widowed Dietz struggles to raise his teenage son, Cory (Christopher Pettiet), on his own and deals with the troubled teenager slacking off in school, abusing drugs, and carousing with a local and similarly troubled teen girl. Detective Sam Dietz yet again must find and stop another serial killer who kills a number of women in ritualistic executions. Detective work for Dietz is tough having to juggle two gorgeous women: his new female partner Jessica, and psychiatrist Sara Lee Jaffee who holds the key to the case.
275 ::: Dil Ne Jise Apna Kaha (2004) ::: Rishabh and Parineeta are both deeply in love with each other. He is a wealthy young man, working in an advertising agency while she is a hardworking, dedicated doctor. Both marry and soon Pari is pregnant. Pari has a dream to create a hospital for children. Tragically, Pari is suddenly involved in an accident, and both the baby and she die in hospital. Pari's last wish was to donate her heart to a patient of hers called Dhani. Rishabh is devastated, and opposes the plan to donate the heart but goes ahead with Pari's last request. Dhani is cured much to the joy of her family and her grandmother. Rishabh has gone into depression but soon comes across Pari's project to build a hospital for children. He plans to fulfill her dream and begins to develop the hospital. Soon enough Rishabh and Dhani come across each other and she feels an instant attraction to him. Rishabh ignores her advances as he is still very much in love with Pari. Rishabh does not know that Pari's heart was given to Dhani and soon he realizes that but there Dhani faints then he starts to fall in love with her to thinking as if she is another Pari that has the same heart and then Dhani and Rishab get together. Young and good-looking Dr. Parineeta alias Pari is in love with Rishabh, a wealthy young man, working in an advertising agency. Both plan to marry soon, as Pari gets pregnant. Unfortunately, Pari in involved in an accident, and both the baby and she die in hospital. In her will, Pari donates her heart to the hospital. Rishabh is devastated, and opposes the plan to donate the heart, the hospital, however, goes ahead with the Pari's last request. Rishabh, after a bout with depression, begins Pari's project, a hospital for sick children called Pari Lok. Meanwhile Pari's heart has been transplanted in a young woman named Dhani. Dhani and Rishabh's paths cross, and Dhani is instantly attracted to him, but Rishabh does not even look twice at her, and is immersed in Pari's memories.
276 ::: Squash (2004) ::: When a young and emotionally distressed man turns up for a game of squash an invisible force wants to challenge him. He takes on his opponent and plays with everything he's got. The tension rises as the match unfolds. Who exactly is he playing? Squash is an intense, slick and well-crafted short film about a young man who smashes his way through a traumatic event
277 ::: Flyabout (2006) ::: Flyabout is the heartfelt, personal story of a young woman who gets a pilot's license and inspires her father to do the same. Together with him, she follows her dream to fly a plane around the continent of Australia. Her introduction to the Aboriginal Walkabout brings on the realization that piloting the plane won't be the hardest part of the trip.
278 ::: Jeunes filles en détresse (1939) ::: Jacqueline is sixteen. Her parents are kept very busy by their mutual careers (Dad is a renowned attorney and Mum is a doctor running her own clinic). When they become aware that they neglect their daughter they send her to a boarding school for girls, impeccably run by Mme Vuillard. There Jacqueline meets her new friends who are, nearly all, the children of divorced parents.They all found a league against divorce they name Licodipa.When it is the turn of Jacqueline's parents to split up, and when Margot, Jacqueline's best friend, attempts to kill herself, distress sets in among the girls of the institution...
279 ::: Mother of All Lies (2015) ::: Adopted teenager Sara goes in search of her birth mother Abby, only to find the woman in prison for bank robbery and manslaughter. In an upcoming parole hearing, Sara helps Abby win release, and decides to spend the summer with her before leaving for college. But Sara soon finds herself in danger as her mother returns to her former partner in crime, Carl. When Carl ends up dead, both Abby and Sara will be wanted for murder - hunted by the police and the dead man's cohorts.
280 ::: Silence (2013/XI) ::: 'Silence' is an intimate portrait of the life of a ten year old girl as an intense storm is about to descend upon her city.
281 ::: Jesus Prophet Messiah (2011) ::: This is the Story of Jesus for Children. It begins with the Annunciation, and ends with the Ascension. Everything in this DVD is handmade from the sets, to the clothes, to the figures. This is still motion and can be used as a teaching aid, or for entertainment.
282 ::: The Voice of the Violin (1909) ::: The romance of a poor German music teacher. Herr Von Schmitt, a young musician, comes to this country from Germany, and ekes a living teaching violin. At home he has become imbued with the doctrines of Karl Marx, the promoter of the communistic principles of socialism, the alleged Utopian scheme of universal co-operation, which in time, and under the control of intemperate minds becomes absolute anarchy. Von Schmitt, however, succeeding in a moderate degree to procure comfort by his art, is gradually being weaned from his former covetous spirit, and turns a deaf ear to the persuasive arguments of his former companions. Among his pupils is Miss Helen Walker, the daughter of a wealthy capitalist. A strong friendship springs up between teacher and pupil, which ripens into love before they are aware of it. Von Schmitt, unable to restrain himself any longer, during a lesson at his studio declares his love, and is, of course, owing to the disparity of rank, spurned. Enraged by the seemingly unreasonable condition of affairs, he hearkens to the argument of his anarchistic friends, and becomes one of their body. At a meeting there takes place a drawing of lots to select the assassins of a certain monopolist, whose name is unknown to him. By a fateful fortuity he is selected as one of the two to do the job. Armed with a bomb, they proceed to the home, a mansion in the swell section of the city, and while one goes into the cellar to place the infernal machine. Von Schmitt stays outside to watch. While there the melody of his own violin composition floats out on the night air, and ascending the stoop he peers through the window and beholds Helen playing the violin. The realization of what is about to happen for the moment rivets him to the spot. This is her home; he had never known it as she always came to his studio for her lessons. To save her he must act quickly. Diving into the cellar he finds his companion has adjusted the bomb and already lighted the fuse. He begs him to desist, but to no purpose. To his entreaty the other replies, "Remember your oath." "To perdition with such oaths, from whence they emanate!" and seizing him an awful struggle ensues. The other man succeeds in overpowering him, and binding him hands and feet leaves him to be destroyed with the rest. With supernatural effort he crawls toward the bomb and with his teeth bites the fuse in two as the fire is within a few inches of the bomb. Calling for help he arouses the household who release him from his position. Well yon may guess what the finish will be. Well it did, and they lived happy ever afterwards.
283 ::: When Björk Met Attenborough (2013) ::: Award-winning musician Björk and legendary broadcaster and naturalist Sir David Attenborough have admired each other's work for years but this is the first time they have discussed their mutual love of music and the natural world on screen. In this remarkable documentary, Björk explores our unique relationship with music and discovers how technology might transform the way we engage with it in the future. At the heart of the film is Biophilia, Björk's cutting-edge music project that explores where nature, music and technology meet. David Attenborough explains how music exists in the natural world and speaks about his own passion for music. Author and professor of neurology and psychiatry Oliver Sacks explains the extraordinary and beneficial effects music has on our brains and explains why performing and engaging with music is something all of us should take more seriously.
284 ::: The Weather War (2012) ::: In a world where everything is slowly under human control, there is one thing we still haven't gotten to grips with: the weather. Based on the Russian scientist Vladimir Pudov's theory of tornadoes, the Swedish artist duo Mats Bigert and Lars Bergstrôm have built a 100,000 volt anti-tornado machine, which according to the plan is meant to tame the increasingly disastrous weather, which is an enormous consequence of climate change. With their invention tied to a trailer, they set off towards the American Midwest, where massive storms are raging and hundreds of people have been killed in recent years. An increasing number of natural disasters have made what once was wishful thinking an indispensable necessity. The weather has to be tamed, preferably now! In China, it was possible to regulate the rain clouds over Beijing during the Olympics in 2008, and weather manipulation is well on its way to becoming a hot new field of research / business. The question is just, if it in the long view is no more than a mere treatment of symptoms, or a real solution to the problems? But we can be sure about one thing: the shelters in Minneapolis, Kansas, will survive us all and may one day remain as the 21st century's discount answer to the pyramids.
285 ::: "Cinematic Reflections" (2013) ::: A group of malcontent college kids are assigned a documentary team to record their daily lives at home and at school. Follow Anthony, John and their peers as they attempt to make sense of the world that they live in -and try to get ahead- through some questionable means.
286 ::: "Animal Instinct" (2005) ::: Animals and nature instinctively brought together in a visually stimulating format. A beautiful collection of creatures great and small from across the planet. A relaxing easy to digest series suitable for the entire family - a feast for the eyes and ears. Brilliant images set to emotive music.
287 ::: Down Dakota Way (1949) ::: Rancher H. T. McKenzie is informed by veterinarian George Fredericks that his cattle are carriers of the hoof-and-mouth disease and must be destroyed. McKenzie hires Steve Paxton to kill the vet and steal his report. Roy Rogers and the Riders of the Purple Sage (Foy Willing, Darol Rice, George Bamby and Al Sloey) on their way to the Cheyenne Rodeo, detour through Sun Rock so that Roy can visit his old schoolteacher Dolly Paxton, Steve's stepmother. Roy becomes involved in the chase of Steve by Sheriff Holbrook. Ruth Shaw tells Roy that the school board has fired Dolly because of Steve, and that she has turned into a crushed and bitter woman still willing to defend her stepson. Roy discovers a McKenzie calf with symptoms of hoof-and-mouth which puts him on the trail of McKenzie. Some of McKenzie's cattle are infected with Hoof and Mouth disease. Steve Paxton kills the Vet and then demands money from McKenzie for the incriminating report. When Steve's mother is arrested for aiding his escape, he uses the money for her bail. Roy finds a sick cow and Steve's mother diagnoses the disease. Roy must now stop McKenzies cows before they infect all the other herds
288 ::: Ernie Watts Quartet Live: Some Call It Jazz (1986) ::: This live performance featuring Ernie Watts (saxophone), Joe Debartalow (bass), Bob Laderbarrow (drums), and Pat Qual (keyboards) was filmed at St Anthony Main Street Festival in 1986. Ernie Watts is one of the most versatile and prolific saxophone players in music and his musics are much more ubiquitous than the jazz realm, having played on sessions for pop's most respected artists, namely, Quincy Jones, Whitney Houston, Chaka Khan, Frank Zappa, Julio Iglesias, Joe Cocker, Bonnie Raitt, and many more.
289 ::: Apple Blossoms (1899) ::: "A pretty girl is reclining under an apple tree full of blossoms. Her sweetheart steals up unobserved; shakes the tree gently so that the blossoms fall in a shower over her, awakening her from her siesta. As she awakens, the young man leans over and kisses her."
290 ::: "The Wayne & Shuster Show" (1955) ::: A comedy special with skits and music, starring the team of Johnny Wayne and Frank Shuster. Before the opening credits there is a teaser that shows what happens on a vacation when vacationers lose their travelers cheques. Johnny and Frank open the show with their rendition of the song 'Together' (includes a series of comic scenes showing the team traveling the world). In the first skit, called 'Fantasy Motel', the cast send-up the Ricardo Montalban television series 'Fantasy Island'. In their version Johnny plays the motel's proprietor (complete with tropical white suit) who tries to grant the fantasies of his guests including, Italian movie star Sofia Erotica (Carol Robinson); professional wrestler the Great Zybisko (Lou Pitoscia) and his greatest challenge, the man who has everything, Greek shipping magnate Aristophanes Ostentatious (Frank). Wayne and Shuster present their regular 'Newsnose' feature, a series of skits showing the 'news that nobody knows'. Includes a new revolutionary self-cleaning kitchen; a talk with General Flackbottom (Johnny) who dismisses the existence of UFO's; and new advances in personal banking. The feature ends with a special edition of the Griff Mervin Show in which Griff (Frank) interviews the Russian star Ivan Ivanovich Shlepnikoff (Johnny), who recently defected to the free world. The main sketch is a spoof of the hit movie Rocky. In their version 80-year-old Rocky Bolognese (Johnny), with the help of his trainer Mickey (Frank), decides to make a dramatic comeback after 32 years of retirement and eight world championships.
291 ::: WrestleCrap Radio Roast (2010) ::: R.D. Reynolds and Blade Braxton, hosts of WrestleCrap Radio, the longest-running episodic pro wrestling radio show in history, get together to hold the WrestleCrap Radio Roast. All their old friends and enemies show up, like Angry Jim, B.M. Punk, the Ratings Reaper and Stubby the Hobo Ventriloquist Dummy. After a while, the jokes eventually turn into an all-out wrestling brawl and a pie-fight for the ages.
292 ::: Blood, Boobs & Beast (2007) ::: Blood, Boobs and Beast tells the compelling story of Don Dohler, whose movies have been called everything from oddly brilliant to some of the worst films of all time. Despite his critics, Dohler has gotten all 9 of his sci-fi and horror films distributed internationally, as well as TV syndication for his first film, The Alien Factor . Dohler has also inspired artists and filmmakers such as Robert Crumb (Fritz the Cat), J.J. Abrams (Creator of TV show Lost ) and Art Speigelman ( Maus ) with his underground comix character ProJunior, and his DIY filmmaking magazine, Cinemagic. Mild-mannered and unassuming, Dohler started making wholesome sci-fi films in the Baltimore area in 1976, but recently began including nudity and gore in his movies to please distributors. At age 59 he's just finished his most gratuitous movie to date and it's selling well, yet Dohler feels "sick of the exploitative stuff" and is considering giving up the Blood, Boobs and Beast formula. However, Dohler's recent partner Joe Ripple disagrees and views these components as essential to gaining distribution. Since the pair's filmmaking philosophies have begun to differ, it's possible that their current film could be their last. Shot and edited over two and a half years, Blood, Boobs and Beast provides a fresh and humorous look at low-budget filmmaking through the unassuming eyes of Don Dohler. With revealing interviews and beautiful cinematography, Blood, Boobs and Beast is a touching portrait of Dohler's career, his family, and his struggle to just make a good movie.
293 ::: "De raf en Ronny Show" (1998) ::: Sitcom in which actors and stand-up comedians Stany Crets and Peter Van den Begin play two penniless unexperienced (would be-)actors who are best buds but also petty rivals, especially in matters of the heart, while sticking together against outsiders, notably their mean Antwerp landlord Rudy De Ruyck who abuses their frequent rent-arrears to impose on them various dirty jobs.
294 ::: The Swaggapuss Story (2015) ::: This is the story of the creation of the character Swaggapuss. Swaggapuss, a brand of his own, was created to dive head first into the pool of Adult Swim. This documentary shows the concept from scrap to real life over a span of years since the first script was written. The struggles of being independent did not stop a team of people from treating Swaggapuss like big business. Upon the creation of Swaggapuss came a cast of supporting characters and the pop culture word "Smur" often used through his work. The results created the most 3D character you can find because he exist in the real world as much as he does on screen.
295 ::: Hotel Heliconia (2001) ::: The story of the Heliconia plant, a jungle B&B. It's tenants include dazzling hummingbirds, rare white bats, gaudy frogs, stunning yellow vipers, and buzzing metallic mosquitoes to name a few. All of the guests have something to gain from their visit - they can check out any time they like, but can they ever leave?
296 ::: My Perfect Gentleman (????) ::: Learn how one man struggles to find a way out of poverty after he was one of the wealthiest men in town. Living in the streets almost cost his life. He humbles himself as he meets others on the way who constantly challenges his integrity as a man. He learns valuable lessons that had him restored to an even better condition than his former wealthy state
297 ::: Una donna allo specchio (1984) ::: A couple meet during the Carnival in Ivrea (a little town in northern Italy), feel drawn to each other and have a torrid affair destined not to last long.
298 ::: Der Bär ist los (2000) ::: Thirteen-year-old Julia leaves Berlin, where she resides with her father, to spend vacation in the Czech Republic. While there she experiences first love, and also tries to help the local kids rescue a circus bear from a rich German hunter who's willing to pay for a bit of sport. If the parents get their way they'll use Mr. Big Game to finance the circus and even contribute to local pensions. The children and the bear head for the forest.
299 ::: Giuseppe Makes a Movie (2014) ::: In Ventura, CA, Giuseppe Andrews makes movies in his trailer park where he grew up. A former child actor in some big movies (Independence Day, Unstrung Heroes, Never Been Kissed), Giuseppe is inspired more by the crazy independent filmmakers of history: Bunuel, Cassavetes and Fassbinder. Obsessed with the edges of society, dirty language spoken as poems and occasional nudity, Giuseppe's films may resemble the underground worlds of Harmony Korine, John Waters and Tod Browning. With a handwritten script, a video camera, an acting ensemble of neighbors and homeless friends - and almost no money, Giuseppe has now made 30 feature films. In Giuseppe's new film "Garbanzo Gas", Vietnam Ron, one of many homeless men in Ventura that Giuseppe has grown up with, plays a vegan cow on vacation from the slaughterhouse. The doc GIUSEPPE MAKES A MOVIE follows the making of "Garbanzo Gas." From Giuseppe's headquarters - his own mobile home - we follow as he sets out to make a feature film in just two days. The stranger-than-fiction documentary explores the Giuseppe universe, showing how the self-taught filmmaker captures an unexpected level of humanism and creates a family unit for a group of people who needed one.
300 ::: Kvinnliga akademiska fotbollsklubben Virginia (1908) ::: A group of female students decides to found a football club called Virginia. The first match begins. The female players are all dressed in long skirts, which make it hard for them to run, to kick and to see the ball, which often disappears under the skirts. The players run around the football field in an unorganized manner, causing chaos. They bump into each other and tumble down. When a man leading a young bull turns up, all the female players rush off in panic. In their headlong flight they come to a ditch, where one after the other falls down.
301 ::: Choke (2001) ::: Henry, an uptight businessman who sometimes acts with questionable ethics, nevertheless rejects Ron, a scam artist who wants a partner. Ron won't let up and finds a lever to blackmail Henry, whose daughter Gina has killed a pedestrian in a hit-and-run car accident. To protect Gina, Henry disposes of Ron, but a murderous sociopath witnesses this crime. Henry and this stranger bond in an odd way, telling stories about their childhoods. Henry makes a deal with the stranger, helping to get rid of the body of one of the stranger's victims. Will this act seal a bargain between the two men and get Henry off the hook, or will the stranger threaten Henry and Gina?
302 ::: The Final Act (????) ::: At the top of his game and revered by the dance industry, Martine Duchamp is married to a prima ballerina and expects a baby girl. The stars are aligned. Catching him in an affair, his wife leaves in the middle of a gala celebration. Martine follows her in an automobile chase that ends in twisted metal. He lands in a coma. His wife keeps his secret and has his child. In his first cognizant moment, Martine learns that the accident may cost him his legs; he may never dance again. In a vision, he is provided a proposition: a return to his stature as an elite artist and dancer in exchange for his family. Upon his sudden recovery and release, Martine looks for his wife whom, in what is later prescribed to postpartum depression, had ended her and her daughter's life. Three years later, after a miraculous recovery Martine returns to the stage to headline a sold out run of Prometheus Bound at New York City's Metropolitan Opera House. His incongruously erratic behavior casts a shadow over the show, and at the day of opening, a resentful cast and crew find themselves having to rehearse and compensate for his actions. With only his maternal manager, Eva, as confidant, Martine continues to suffer from the accident, fighting hallucinations and pain by abusing prescription drugs. His reveries continuously reinforce his guilt for throwing away his wife and his new-born child, yet something propels him towards the opening night's performance: the persistence of the Blond, the beautiful manifestation of his vision to reach the peak of his potential, to complete the final act, no matter the cost.
303 ::: Man in the 5th Dimension (1964) ::: Scenes taken at Mount Palomar show our own galaxy and the galactic systems millions of light years away. The story of creation is told in the setting of the Earth's "oldest living things," the giant redwoods of California. Billy Graham demonstrates the continuity of Christian witness down through ancient and modern times to the present day.
304 ::: Ein Herz spielt falsch (1953) ::: A man, in need of money and too lazy to work for a living, marries a plain but rich girl in the knowledge that she is ill and has not long to live. Once he is married to her, he comes to love her passionately and cannot bear the thought of losing her. In an effort to save her life, he spends all their money, but to no avail. His wife dies and he is once again penniless. However, he is a changed man.
305 ::: Dolls Can't Cry (2012) ::: Trapped in her own doll-like existence, Faith dreams that one day she can be a real mother to her daughter Nell she abandoned seven years ago. But time has run out. Her sister Eris can no longer keep the child. Her boyfriend Mance won't play father to a rape child. The girl is to be adopted. Desperate to save her dream, Faith takes her daughter into her dollhouse fantasy world, where bad things never happen. But she can't keep reality out. Nell wants a real mother. Mance thinks she's going mad. Eris thinks it's all an act. As the dollhouse reveals itself as thin veil covering the terrors of her past, Faith has to face her pain or be condemned to a life of shame.
306 ::: The Only Which Way Is Out (2019/I) ::: Back from long hall Phillo is truck stopped by a young hopeful looking a ride into the next state. Not wanting to offend the kid he tells him to hop on board and make friends with Orvile. ? hits it off Orville and the three head on into the next state sharing memories and histories. Arriving in the next state the three discuss a plan and agree to be partners in their quest for another way out of life and its dogma's before they met. As trainer in the new prize fighting team Phillo is called on for almost every aspect of his experience for him and Orville, (? new manager) to prepare ? for big money prize bouts that they are able to arrange and organize. The show commences with all out mayhem, hilarious comedy and scenes that only you wished had happened in a movie. Moving in the fast for one last time, take the which way and turn the last on the right-side to victory in the Only Which Way is Out.
307 ::: Treasure in Heaven (2012) ::: John Christensen is a pastor of a church in a small town. Over time John has begun to desire the things of this world. His wife Sarah tries to motivate John back to his prior spiritual passion with little success. Through a series of events, John has a revealing of God's desire but discovers that most of his congregation is living worldly lives. John realizes he is partly to blame. John begins to speak from the scripture but is resisted by Bill Johnson, the church board, and the congregation. Despite pressure from the church, and especially Bill Johnson, John perseveres. He risks everything, his friends, family, and church, to bring himself and the church back to God.
308 ::: Wings Over Water (1986) ::: Wings Over Water tells the fascinating story of naval aviation's critical role in making the U.S. a world power. Film highlights include archival footage of some of the most terrifying and intense airspace battles fought and the intriguing interviews of the veterans who took part in them. This is the story of naval aviation from its conception to the important role it played in battles fought, won, and lost, all the while examining American foreign policy, foreign relations, and long-simmering international conflict. An evocative, powerful, and informative documentary, Wings Over Water is the story behind the story: how and why America developed maritime aviation technology, what it meant to our past, and what it means to our future.
309 ::: The Recycled Babies' Summer Spectacular! (2014) ::: "The Recycled Babies' Summer Spectacular!" is a live comedy show that features this hilariously twisted and absurd sketch group at The Comedy Central Stage in Hollywood. In this performance, the Recycled Babies utilize a "Multi-Media" format; combining both live and previously taped sketches with stand-up, improvisation, and....well.....some fantastic surprises. Just watch it; you'll thank me!
310 ::: The Learning Tree (1969) ::: The story, set in Kansas during the 1920s, covers less than a year in the life of a black teenager, and documents the veritable deluge of events which force him into sudden manhood. The family relationships and enmities, the fears, frustrations and ambitions of the black teenager in small-town America are explored with a strong statement about human values.
311 ::: Hahako kankin: Mesu (1987) ::: A Japanese schoolgirl witnesses the suicide of her close friend and the indifference of her classmates to the bloody spectacle. Later, she walks in on a gang of thugs raping her mother and is summarily given the same treatment before being forced into prostitution.
312 ::: Livin' The Dream (2015) ::: Kit Scanlon quit her job and cashed out her 401k to follow her dream: Film School. And she totally rocked it. Two years later and Kit's first feature film project has been shelved. Now as she faces middle age and the possibility that she might never make it as an indie director goddess, how far will she go to get what she wants? Is fame, acclaim and cinematic immortality worth compromising her dignity, principles and best friend? HELL YES.
313 ::: Fur Fighters: Viggo's Revenge (2001) ::: The sinister white cat, known as General Viggo the central villain, has escaped from bars and kidnaps the babies all over the world, requiring the animal parents to explore, confront Viggo's henchmen, and rescue all of them. The Fur Fighters are an elite force of fighting stuffed animals must battle their enemies to save their families and rescue the world from the evil clutches of General Viggo, the diabolical boss. The sinister white cat, General Viggo has been put behind bars by the Fur Fighters. Soon escaping, he escapes and kidnaps the Fur Fighter's families, warning his foes to not meddle in his affairs. But the Fur Fighters ignore this threat and set on a perilous journey to rescue their families from Viggo and his army of stupid bears.
314 ::: The Slave Trade (2007) ::: Beginning with the American Revolution, this program explores the U.S. law of 1807 that abolished the transatlantic slave trade. Meet the people who were involved in or influenced by this pivotal legislation: the slaves, plantation owners, slave ship captains, common seamen, government officials, Navy officers, and antislavery activists.
315 ::: Pride of the Blue Grass (1954) ::: A girl owns a horse, and hires a boy as a trainer. The horse (Gypsy Prince) enters a race and is injured. The boy takes job at another stable and is semi-seduced by the stable siren. The girl finally rehabilitates the horse then enters it in a big race.
316 ::: The Monty Hall Smokin-Stokin' Fire Brigade (1972) ::: This show was one for which Monty Hall had negotiated (in the renewal of his contract for Let's Make a Deal) so he could shine as something other than a game show host. The show was a tour of California to visit with the people and join in their festivities. Co-stars were: Cass Elliot, the Mike Curb Congregation, comedian Fred Smoot; and Jim Backus, "Laugh-In's" Johnny Brown, Dom DeLuise, Fabian, Annette Funicello, Rosey Grier and Jo Ann Worley make cameo appearances. Fire engines and hook-and-ladders, and festivities as fiestas, pow-wows, Japanese celebrations, a Gold Rush days fete and a cattle round-up. One scene had Cass Elliott and Monty Hall wearing Japanese kimonos and Cass read a story from a book to a group of kids; it was a Peril of Pauline type story, where Cass the heroine was being annoyed by a handlebar-mustache villain (maybe played by Dom Deluise), who kept tying her to railroad tracks and such; then we cut away to Monty Hall dressed in his kimono, doing a faux slow-walk toward the camera while someone sang "Along Came Jones," but Cass had to rescue herself everytime. I think she was in about 3 perils --then Cass as narrator said "she was tired of waiting for Jones, and decided to marry the villain." Then Monty shows up at last, saying "Hi. I'm Jones. Any mail for me?"
317 ::: The Lady or the Tiger? (1942) ::: Author Frank R. Stockton, often asked the question, finally decides to divulge the untold ending of his story, The Lady or the Tiger?. The story itself... In olden times, a barbaric king often used the façade of being genial to lull his enemies into a false sense of security. If there was a criminal case that caught his fancy, he would bring the accused into an amphitheater which had two closed doors side by side, one of which he was to open. Behind one door would be a tiger which would maul him to death. Behind the other would be a lady suitable for marriage. Regardless of the accused's past or current situation, a funeral or wedding would then take place depending on which door he opened. The King loved his daughter, who was as cold hearted as him. She was in a clandestine romance with a young man. The King, upon learning this news, sentenced the man to the fate of the amphitheater. The Princess found out behind which door was the tiger and which was the fair damsel. In gesturing to her lover about which door to choose, would she be condemning him to death or into the arms of another woman?
318 ::: S tverdym znakom na kontse (2009) ::: Parfenov's documentary is dedicated to the "Kommersant" publishing house, which in 2009 celebrated the centenary of the foundation of the "Kommersant" newspaper and the 20th anniversary of the resumption of its publication. Despite a break from 1917 to 1989, the "Kommersant" did celebrate its centenary because the newspaper was not published in that period of time "through no fault of the editors." The film presents interviews with the current and former owners of the "Kommersant", Alisher Usmanov and Boris Berezovsky. It also present Vladimir Yakovlev, the founder of the "Kommersant", Ksenia Ponomareva, the former chief editor of the newspaper , Andrei Kolesnikov, a columnist for the "Kommersant", Maxim Kowalski, chief editor of the "Vlast" magazine, and his assistant, Veronica Kutsyllo.
319 ::: The Girl with the Hungry Eyes (1995) ::: Louie's, a stunning model of the 1930s, hangs herself in a glamorous Miami Hotel, The Tides, comes back 60 years later when the now-derelict hotel is scheduled for demolition. She decides to pump a little lifeblood, literally, into the aging resort. Using her sexuality as bait, she prowls the Miami's nightlife for fresh meat, leading to a night of sex and suspense that guarantees eternal life for Louise and her all consuming passions.
320 ::: Space Guardians (2017) ::: The Galaxy is being threatened by an cat robot that is very evil and an group known as the Space Guardians, an alien group of Superheros is tasked to stop it. And newest member of the Space Guardians, Squeak must join up with an old veteran, Ham Sanders to stop the evil cat-bot and prevent him from destroying the known universe and thereby save the day.
321 ::: Florida Family Fishing (2008) ::: Florida Family Fishing is a half hour TV program hosted by Connie Willis spotlighting families around Florida showing how fishing can be a fun family event. The show also presents local lodging, shopping and family activities, as well as segments on fishing tips and cooking what you catch.
322 ::: B/Side (1997) ::: B/Side is a poignant and intelligent exploration of the urban homeless, combining sensitive footage of their exterior situation and entering imaginatively into interior deliriums. Framed by footage of the encampment locally known as Dinkinsville on New York's Lower East Side, where some of the homeless of Thompkins Square Park settled after the riots of June 1991, the movie begins with the encampment's first night and ends with the fire and subsequent destruction of the lot in October of the same year. Applying rhythmic construction, poetic license and a generous eye to bodies in poverty, B/side documents beautifully a gritty vision of late 20th century urban life.
323 ::: Starving the Beast (2016) ::: STARVING THE BEAST examines the on-going power struggle on college campuses across the nation as political and market-oriented forces push to disrupt and reform America's public universities. The film documents a philosophical shift that seeks to reframe public higher education as a "value proposition" to be borne by the beneficiary of a college degree rather than as a "public good" for society. Financial winners and losers emerge in a struggle poised to profoundly change public higher education. The film focuses on dramas playing out at the University of Wisconsin, University of Virginia, University of North Carolina, Louisiana State University, University of Texas and Texas A&M.
324 ::: Mi adorado Juan (1950) ::: The strange disappearance of the dogs of his neighbors leads Juan to investigate the case on his own. It ends up finding out that the author of the robberies is a young woman called Eloísa, the cocky daughter of a scientist who uses dogs to create an antidote against sleep. Juan and Eloísa fall in love, but he will ask her to leave her luxurious mansion to live only with his salary.
325 ::: "A Perfect Spy" (1987) ::: This is the story of Magnus Pym, from his childhood to the end of his career in middle age. As a young man, there is little doubt that his father Rick was the most influential character in his life. Rick was a raconteur, con man, thief, black marketer and all in all, simply larger than life. From a young age, Rick included Magnus in his schemes and the young man learned that you would do anything for the ones you love. When a university student in Switzerland, Pym meets the other person who will have the greatest influence in his life, Axel, a Czech refugee. As Pym enters his career in the British Secret Service, his relationship with Axel and the values he developed in childhood lead him down his own path of betrayal and loyalty.
326 ::: Flaming Lead (1939) ::: Cowhand Ken Clark is stranded in Chicago, and temporarily takes a job as a sharp-shooter entertainer in a night club, with the intention of getting enough money together to get back to his beloved Arizona. Frank Gordon, while drunk, is about to be rolled by the club bouncer, but Ken interferes and earns Clark's gratitude. Gordon gets a telegram from Kay Burke, the daughter of his partner in Arizona, notifying him that her father, Jim Burke, has been killed by rustlers. The ranch has a U.S. Army contract to furnish horses, but she sees little hope of being able to make good because the stock is being rustled, and she asks Gordon for his help. The latter is persuaded by Ken to answer her call for help, but Gordon insists that Ken accompany him, and also take his place as his substitute. Ken agrees. He soon discovers that the problems lie with a ranch employee that has been aiding the rustlers. Creely is rustling Berke's horses so he can't fulfill his Army contract. When they kill Berke, his daughter sends for part owner Gordon. When the always drunk Gordon arrives he passes off his friend Ken as himself. Now posing as Gordon, Ken soon finds himself the new target of Creely's outlaw gang.
327 ::: Kango joshiryô: Ijiwaru na yubi (1985) ::: A group of sexy young nurses who work at a local hospital live in dormitory housing provided by the hospital. The hospital also provides the dorm's supervisor, a strict older nurse who runs the dorm with an iron fist. The nurses have to find "creative" ways to sneak their boyfriends into their rooms for some steamy sex sessions.
328 ::: Hatyara (1998) ::: Kajal is a professor in a college. One day she witnesses the rape and subsequent death of a female student. She reports it to the police, and even identifies the killer, Shishupal. But the police are reluctant to take any action as the killer is the younger and pet brother of the city's most powerful and influential industrialist and gangster, Singhania. When she organizes a student and teacher protest, Shishupal is arrested and held in prison. This angers Sinhangia, who approached Kajal and asks her to refuse to testify against his brother, and for that he will give her a lot of money, but Kajal refuses to do so. When Kajal informs her advocate husband, Mahendra, who is handicapped and walks with a help of a crutch, she finds him supporting and encouraging. Singhania has Kajal raped and killed in front of Mahendra's eyes, and as a result with the only witness killed, Shishupal is released from prison. Mahendra, devastated and humiliated sets about to avenge the killing of his wife by taking Singhania to court, only to have the case dismissed. Mahendra sets upon to avenge his wife's death by deciding to kill the Singhania brothers and his gang one by one - but how is a handicapped person, who is unable to defend himself, carry out such a mammoth task on his own?
329 ::: From My Syrian Room (2014) ::: How can you keep your humanity in a dictatorship where you're educated to erase in yourself any singularity? In his early years, the Syrian painter and filmmaker Hazem Alhamwi found his own way to live and to feel free, drawing obsessively in his own room. But in 2011, finally, the Revolution started. The Syrian people went out in the streets, facing Al-Assad's army.
330 ::: Sky Doctor (1997) ::: In a case of mistaken identities an unemployed thug (Yang-gu), and a doctor (Ki-min) on a career fast track; are mistaken for one another after an accident. Ki-min is thought to be murder suspect Yang-gu, and must go on the run. The thug Yang-gu excels as the Sky Doctor in a small island village. The story is a modern adaptation of the Prince and Pauper.
331 ::: Shubhamangal Savadhan (1992) ::: Jaya and Suman, two college mates, once best of friends, are today's sworn enemies. Jaya is in love with Rajesh, who also uses to study in the same college, and who leaves no opportunity to praise Suman just to annoy Jaya although he does reciprocate her feelings. But seeing them together infuriates Rakesh, who also loves Jaya deeply. Jaya and Rajesh get married and Jaya's mother gives her some 'tips' on post marriage behavior, little knowing how much problems the same is going to create for her.
332 ::: Salaryman 6 (2002) ::: A man in a suit is sprawled on the floor of an office. Colleagues help him to his feet. The next morning, he remembers his name (Shiode) and where he works, but he doesn't remember yesterday. That evening, he adjusts his camera to take photographs automatically and leaves a sign on his suit - "take this camera to work." For several days, while the camera makes a record, Shiode rises, leaves his apartment block, takes the train, works at his computer station, buys food at a convenience store, and eats at home. He has the photographs developed, and all is revealed.
333 ::: I Met My Love Again (1938) ::: College sweethearts Julie and Ives have planned to marry. Their plans go amiss when Julie meets a weak writer and runs off to marry him. After her husband dies, she's left in Paris, penniless and with a daughter to support. She decides to return to her home town with the intent to renew her romance with Ives. His family and a scheming co-ed vow to avert a reunion of the two...
334 ::: 4:48 (2014) ::: In order to win over a tough dramatist at her next audition, a young actress turns to method acting to such an extreme that she slowly loses herself in the coveted role of a promiscuous bisexual self-destructive wild girl and starts sleeping around, provoking fights and cutting herself. Can she pull herself back from the edge of the abyss before it's too late?
335 ::: The 9/11 Tapes: Chaos in the Sky (2012) ::: Newly released audio recordings which offer a unique insight and moving perspective on 9/11 and the fateful minutes that changed America forever. On the morning of the attacks, hundreds of hours of military and air traffic control conversations were captured on tape painting a chilling and tragic picture of events spiraling inexorably out of control. With events unfolding at breakneck-speed, the tapes reveal in minute-by-minute detail, the chaos and confusion wrought by the attacks. Revelations include how Air Force fighter jets, scrambled to protect Washington, set out in the wrong direction - ending up 60 miles out across the Atlantic ocean and that permission to shoot down hijacked passenger planes only came through after the last plane crashed. And while air traffic controllers watched the second plane crash into the World Trade Center tower, fighter jets were still 100 miles away from New York and amid all the confusion it took 39 minutes for the news of United 93's hijack to reach the military. With testimonies from the people who appear on the tapes, the film vividly conveys the emotion, courage and panic in the voices of air traffic controllers and military personnel whose job it was to protect America as it came under attack.
336 ::: Twisted: A Balloonamentary (2007) ::: A flying octopus. A Trojan horse. Two 100-foot-tall soccer players. All made out of balloons. These are just some of the masterful creations you will see as "TWISTED: A Balloonamentary" takes you right into the heart of Twist and Shout, one of the world's premier balloon twisting conventions. Exploring how eight balloon twisters' lives are dramatically changed by a little piece of latex, this hilarious and heartwarming documentary is about passion, salvation, love, death, race, religion, and a whole lot of balloons. With animation narrated by JON STEWART, "TWISTED: A Balloonamentary" is a story about people who discover that once you can make a balloon dog, you can do anything.
337 ::: Code of Survival (2017) ::: Worldwide, millions of tons of "Roundup", with its active ingredient glyphosate, are applied to the land year after year. The alarming consequences: poisoned soils, resistant superweeds, contaminated crops and sick livestock. Nonetheless, especially the United States adhere to the destructive model of GM-agriculture. Three sustainable projects in India, Egypt and Germany prove that alternatives are achievable and successful. In an impressive montage we confront the effects of the poison-addicted industrial model, with the healing power of organic agriculture. Which method bears the CODE OF SURVIVAL on our planet?
338 ::: Elsö fecskék (1953) ::: Mail author for translation. Fitos bacsit, a Dunantuli Porcelangyar egyik szakmunkasat az uzemi faliujsagon lassu munkaja miatt kifigurazzak. Lanyanak, Juliskanak Patak Berci udvarol.A DISZ-fiatalok osszefognak, hogy a Fitos-brigad munkajat javitsak. Patak Berci nem tart veluk, ezert Juliska szakit vele. A fiatalok raveszik Bercit, tanulja meg az esztergalast, hogy ezzel is bizonyitsa Juliska elott: nehezsegek aran ugyan, de elsajatitja az uj szakmat, jo utra ter...
339 ::: Zenith (2001) ::: Zenith is a documentary feature about a group of struggling farmers in South Central Kansas who gather together to stage a huge outdoor Easter drama known as The Great Plains Passion Play. Through personal vignettes, scenes of a difficult wheat harvest, we follow the main characters playing key roles in the passion play and learn how the play is a mission, not for audiences, but as the Coop Elevator manager says, "more for the people who are in it."
340 ::: Blind Vision (1992) ::: William, a lonely mail-room employee, is obsessed with Leanne, a beautiful secretary in his office, who also just happens to live in the apartment opposite his. At home he spies on her with a telephoto-lens camera, and one night he sees her having sex with another co-worker from the office, Greg. Shortly afterwards Greg is murdered, and Leanne begins to suspect that William might have done it.
341 ::: Hushed (2017/II) ::: Homeless ex- soldiers from around the world get kidnapped and shipped to a mad scientist in London England who has plans to repair, restore and send them on dangerous missions to take vengeance on corruption around the world.
342 ::: Stretched (2018) ::: When bless-her-heart-sweet Teagan finds out her Yoga studio is being sold and replaced with a Botox-eria, she springs into action. But if she has any hope of succeeding, she better get her NYC-sharky, lawyer step-sister, Sophie in the mix. Together, these unlikely sisters stretch out of their comfort zones and step boldly into running their own business, one vinyasa at a time.
343 ::: Galaxies Are Colliding (1992) ::: Black comedy about a normal guy, about to get married, who starts to question all things of a cosmic significance. He starts seeing only The Big Picture, ignoring trivialities (like his wife having a mock affair to get his attention), and gradually withdraws into himself. Told in flashback and retrospect at his funeral from the perspective of his friends and colleagues, we see the characters he encounters on his voyage of enlightenment - including the girl he falls for, and the escaped asylum patient in the middle of the desert who converses only by means of celebrity impersonations...
344 ::: Les femmes savantes (2003) ::: Philaminte, the Chrysale's wife, and her daughter Armande are under the influence of a fashionable poetry which rages in a certain "bourgeois milieu" in Paris. They are overcomed by the poems of Trissotin, cynicaller than you think. Philaminte decided to marry him her daughter Henriette who is in love with Clitandre. She complains to his father but it's a clever trap imagined by her uncle Ariste which is going to reveal the truth: Trissotin is involved by the money and when Arist reads a false letter which says that Chrysale has lost his fortune, Trissotin goes away.
345 ::: Walking the Line (2005) ::: Walking the Line offers a harrowing view of the chaos along the U.S.-Mexico border through private citizens who are taking the law into their own hands. Following a growing movement of anti-immigrant vigilantes, some clad in fatigues and armed with semi-automatic weapons, the documentary provides a scathing critique of our failed border policy.
346 ::: Vistula Sunken Treasures (2017) ::: Film "Vistula Sunken Treasures" tells the story of the sculptures that have been searched and found by the scientific expeditions at the bottom of the Vistula River. These architectonical elements of Warsaw residencies have been stolen in XVII century by the Swedish army. What do the old stones have to tell us today?
347 ::: "About Tonight" (2015) ::: Filmed weekly from the C31 studios! Each week, a brand new host. Each week, a very different show. We're giving the late night studio keys to some of Australia's best up and coming comics to do with as they please. Who knows what will happen? Featuring hosts Tegan Higginbotham, Aunty Donna, Becky Lucas, Jonathan Schuster, Daniel Burt, Dilruk Jayasinha, Suren Jayemanne, Michael Hing, The Axis Of Awesome and heaps more!
348 ::: Beyond the Centerfold (2015) ::: A documentary looking at the sex revolution movement that highlights famous modern day Playmates. Pin-up gals, of the 1960's era to modern day, ironically revealed as never before. Behind the glare of the camera, success develops into family controversy as conflict abounds.
349 ::: Dying to Meet You (1997) ::: Ted is a depraved serial killer...until he meets Leah. Then he becomes a real monster. Together the two of them go on a bloody, murder-happy rampage of unparalleled brutality, stalking then slaughtering their victims with a bone-chilling psychotic intensity!
350 ::: The Highwaymen (????/I) ::: Based on a true story. An eccentric art collector embarks on a journey through the back roads of old Florida searching for the mysterious identity of an unsigned painting. What he uncovers has been called 'the last, great art movement of the 20th century', hidden inside a tale of murder, hope and triumph which centers around a group of self-taught, African American artists in a relentless pursuit of the American dream.
351 ::: Words Upon the Window Pane (1994) ::: This film is based on the one act play by W B Yeats and concerns another great figure from Irish literature, Jonathan Swift, whose spirit, with those of his two lovers, Stella and Vanessa, emergrs in a series of seances held in Dublin in 1928. Their passion, Swift's torment and ultimately Stella's revenge are enacted. Thrown together by the crisis, those attending the seance are forced to confront the truths of their own lives ....
352 ::: The Power (2015) ::: Abducted and imprisoned by a Cult, Magda awakens in a filthy cell. Despite hearing distant voices, her screams for help go unanswered. She's a prisoner, seemingly without hope - In time, she befriends another hostage, a girl who provides some comfort.
353 ::: Der Doppelgänger (1934) ::: During a trip to London, Jenny Miller finds herself on the trail of the mysterious duplicate, who commits crimes in the form of famous personalities. When she wants to protect her cousin Harry from the clutches of the double, Harry suddenly finds himself in the circle of the suspects.
354 ::: Usfahrt Oerlike (2015) ::: When Hans looks back, he must say: That was a good life! He saw the world, loved his wife Martha and yes, two, three things went wrong. But that doesn't need to be talked about. And now? Two years ago Martha died, Hans can barely manage his daily routine anymore, and after a visit to the vet his beloved dog Miller doesn't return home. Hans is tired. Basically he can't be bothered anymore. He wants to die. But one doesn't talk about this. At best maybe with Willi, his friend. He trusts in him, he considers him as his ally, who should help him implement his plan...
355 ::: The 65th Annual Academy Awards (1993) ::: Award of the American academy of cinematographic arts and sciences, from 1940th known as "Oscar", - American film award created in 1929 and traditionally handed to the figures of cinematographic art for their contribution to creation of movies.
356 ::: Brunch with Family (2017) ::: Ivi is at lunch with her family celebrating Eduardo's birthday and caching up with them. Recently Bito and Eduardo was in Vegas for first time. Bito was awarded one of the Top Salesman of the year by his job. Also, he took his family to Puerto Rico for vacation. Eduardo shared a chapter of his novel with her so she wants to find out more!
357 ::: "The Men in Really Dark Blue Suits" (2014) ::: The Men in Really Dark Blue Suits are on a mission: to save the Kibosh Institute from ruin and prevent the disintegration of society. They must retrieve the stolen Quixotic Protocol from their enemy Flying Saucer Detective Milton Blitz before he can reveal its top secret contents. The Men are repeatedly thwarted by cheeky aliens, the mysterious Woman in Red and even operatives from their own organisation. All parties converge on city hall where Blitz has called a press conference to reveal secrets that could herald the end of life as we know it.
358 ::: "Feel the Heat" (1983) ::: Nick Mancuso is a wacky P.I. (and ex-cop) in Key West, Florida, who is in love with a know-it-all district attorney (Eichhorn), who also happens to be his nemesis as he tries to stop a slew of drug-runners.
359 ::: Xiang ji mao yi yang fei (2002) ::: Undecided about his future, Yun Fei, an unknown young poet, goes to visit an old university friend in the suburbs of Beijing to seek his advice. He discovers that his friend has gone into business, and is successfully breeding black chickens. Discouraged, and on the point of giving up writing, Yun Fei meets a young girl who can't see colours, who encourages him to persevere. But even this new relationship is not enough to inspire him to write. It's at this point that he buys a pirate record whose magical powers bring him the success he's longed for. Sudden fame does not seem to solve everything, however. This first film, a deliberately allegorical visual fantasy, focuses on the 30-something generation in China, who have to adapt to a materialistic society very different from the political utopia of their childhood.
360 ::: Out in the Street (????) ::: A compassionate blogger can't help but getting involved with the people who live right outside his windows. "Out in the Street" takes a funny, light hearted and sometimes touching look at the people that make up the community we live in, but seldom take notice of.
361 ::: Last Mysteries of the Titanic (2005) ::: In the Last Mysteries Of The Titanic DVD, Academy Award-winning director James Cameron leads a team of underwater explorers on a series of historic dives to document the remains of the world's most famous shipwreck. Using two, $20-million research subs, four mini-robots, a seafloor-to-satellite data system and a suite of the most advanced cameras and lights, Cameron's team provides real-time images of the ship's interior, including hidden passageways and vast rooms that haven't been seen in over 90 years.
362 ::: Meltdown (2018) ::: A former Special Forces Army Officer is in the right place, at the wrong time, when a group of Terrorists attack a U.S. Nuclear Power Plant. With the help of two facility engineers, this unexpected trio of heroes sets in motion a counter-offensive that stops the plot to trigger a deadly core "Meltdown" - designed to trigger a stock market collapse. MELTDOWN combines the man-against-all-odds concept of DIE HARD with the action-buddy-comedy of RUSH HOUR to result in a satisfying adventure to please audiences worldwide.
363 ::: O Canto do Mar (1953) ::: In the drought areas of Northeastern of Brazil, groups of migrants move trying to find better place to live, at least with water. Some of them go to Recife, to get a vessel to Santos expecting to have a better life in the Southern. In the poor area of Recife, an old washerwoman launders clothes to survive and support her family. Her husband Zé Luis, a former sailor, is crazy due to a hit of the boom of a mast on his head. Her older son Raimundo works in a grocery and selling mangoes on the street, trying to save money to move to the Southeastern with his girl-friend Aurora. Her daughter wants to be a prostitute to have a better quality of life. Her younger son is seriously sick.
364 ::: Small Town Silver Screen (2008) ::: This documentary film tells the story of historic, small-town theaters, their owners and their movie-goers in rural South Dakota. It focuses on the theaters' origins and closings, the theaters' revival by community members and volunteer support as they struggle to survive the competition from distant, large city stadium theaters.
365 ::: Hush Little Baby (1994) ::: Eddie's baby girl, Susan, was taken from her arms when she was put into a mental hospital for attempted murder of her baby daughter! Thirty five years down the track Eddie is released and tracks her daughter down. She enters her daughters household and destroys her relationship with her adoptive parents. She is eventually found to be evil, in Susan's eyes and must face a harsh reality...
366 ::: O Velho - A História de Luiz Carlos Prestes (1997) ::: Brazil's history during the 20th Century serves as a background to Luiz Carlos Prestes's curious course. The Knight of Hope, as he was known, took part in the epic march of rebellious soldiers in the '20s, when he could testify Brazilian people's misery. After that, he became a communist and started to fight for more justice in his country.
367 ::: Faces of Heartbreak (2017) ::: When a betrayed wife and unsuspecting mistress come face to face, they have to look deep within for answers. Eight women come together for a discreet meeting of sisterhood, where they can share their stories of heartbreak, and hopefully find healing. As they open up, it becomes clear that they all share a common bond....the need to reclaim their worth as women.
368 ::: "CBS's Watch! Magazine's Behind the Scenes" (2008) ::: A smattering of behind the scenes content created from CBS Watch! Magazine's recent photo shoots: - NCIS photo shoot with Pauley Perrette - The Good Wife photo shoot with Archie Panjabi and Matt Czuchry - NCIS photo shoot with Michael Weatherly - NCIS photo shoot with Daniela Ruah - Rules of Engagement photo shoot with Oliver Hudson - How I Met Your Mother photo shoot with Neil Patrick Harris - NCIS photo shoot with Cote de Pablo - Blue Bloods photo shoot with Tom Selleck, Donnie Wahlberg, Will Estes, Bridget Moynahan, Len Cariou - The Big Bang Theory photo shoot with Johnny Galecki, Kaley Cuoco, Simon Helberg, Kunal Nayyar - NCIS photo shoot with Chris O'Donnell and LL Cool J - The Mentalist photo shoot with Owain Yeoman and Amanda Righetti - The Mentalist photo shoot with Simon Baker - Hawaii Five-O photo shoot with Alex O'Loughlin, Scott Caan, Daniel Dae Kim and Grace Park.
369 ::: The Commander: The Fraudster (2007) ::: Donald Griffith is a fraud in every respect. Not only is he cheating on his wife - with both his personal assistant and his firm's caterer - he has defrauded his clients out of millions of pounds. He is arrested at his firm's Christmas party but is soon released on bail. He knows he will go to jail for fraud and has few options. When he is found the next day floating in his swimming pool the police must determine if it was suicide or whether his wife, one of his mistresses or an irate client did him in. Assistant Commissioner Les Branton, whose sister lost all of her investments, asks Commander Clare Blake to take charge of the investigation. When the autopsy reveals that he did not drown, the police know they have a murder investigation on their hands.
370 ::: "Junior Citizens" (2014) ::: A coming-of-age comedy web series based in North Philadelphia about three twenty-two year old friends. Izzy is a recent film graduate whose her-way-or-no-way attitude often gets her into hot water. Xavier is a free-spirited actor in his fifth year of school who wishes to star in Off-Broadway shows yet his plans are postponed because he changes his major on a regular basis. Rhonda is also in her fifth year after taking her junior year off due to depression. She returns to college determined to graduate but her anxiety heightens when most of her friends graduate on time - leaving her behind. Regardless, she returns to college with a plan to take control over her life, aside from her overbearing mother Patricia, and purchases a home in North Philly where Xavier and eventually Izzy also dwell.
371 ::: At My Doorstep (2009) ::: A closer look at those who come to the filmmaker's door becomes a way of entering a parallel world of garbage collectors, domestic workers, delivery boys, watchmen-all those who labour long hours in difficult conditions to make middle and upper class lives in the city of Bombay more comfortable. These providers of services and goods often remain faceless and nameless. They are, like the people who enjoy their services, mainly migrants, but their presence here is more sharply defined by the lack of survival options back home. Nothing else explains why they should bear with such harsh living and unfair working conditions. The film will look at the crisscrossing of various lives in the filmmaker's housing colony, gleaning from this microcosm a sense of how millions work, interact and struggle for a firmer foothold in an indifferent, often hostile megacity.
372 ::: "Tatli Kaçiklar" (1996) ::: The inseparable mates Rafet and Saffet are two clever and clumsy journalists who work at a newspaper's sports service. One is a newspaper photographer and the other a sports writer. Though they are inseparable, they have totally different personalities. Saffet is tidy, meticulous, skilled, emotional and homely whereas Rafet is happy-go-lucky, insensitive, messy, untidy and naughty. These buddies have one common point. Both of them are divorced and have to share the same flat. This mandatory union gets them into enormous trouble. In this serial we see their inquisitive landlady Durdane, their downstairs neighbor Tarumar-who is a silly mafia boss- and his men, his mistress Afitap, the "sexy chimp". Evin Ana,Tarumar's wife in prison, their ex-wives the aerobic trainers Serap and Aysu. Raziye, Saffet's money-grubber mother-in-law. Selim the aged editor-in-chief and their dog Cango. The foolish couple gets into trouble with everything and everyone around them, their funny adventures are told in this serial.
373 ::: Ambrosia (2017) ::: Inspired by the transformations in Ovid's Metamorphoses that linger as explanations for why and how the world is, this piece transposes the notion of transition and transmutation across imagery of hybrid statues and a cleansing of hands with honey- the rejuvenative food of the gods that purportedly grants eternal life.
374 ::: Zsolt es Rezso: Az elhallgatott igazsag (2017) ::: Zsolt and Rezso's story is the biggest conspiracy of the music industry - although everyone knows them, nobody dares mention them. In this documentary, we follow the path of the two protagonists with testimonials from stars. And in the end, we might just be able to answer the question of whether they can break their anonymity. Chemtrail, lizard people and conspiratorial disco. The truth is more shocking than you ever imagined.
375 ::: Endzeiten (2013) ::: They escaped the hustle and bustle of civilization and the treadmill of capitalism. In a village in the French Pyrenees, cut off from the world, Jens and Micky from Germany found what they desired the most: freedom, peace and close contact with nature. Their idyll ended a few years ago when tourists fascinated with esoterism began to frequent the area. The aim of their pilgrimages was the holy mountain of Pic de Bugarach. In December 2012, before the announced end of the world, thousands of pilgrims came to visit the place.
376 ::: Mizu de kakareta monogatari (1965) ::: Shizuo discovers a mysterious letter about his fiancé Yumiko, which prompts him to explore his sexual psychology and memories. His childhood and adult life unfold simultaneously, and he feels increasingly obligated to choose between mother and fiancé. Whichever choice he makes, it seems one will rule out the other.
377 ::: The Pact (2006) ::: A gritty, provocative true-life story of three friends from the 'hood, Rameck Hunt, Sampson Davis, and George Jenkins, who made a pact in high school to find a way to go to college and then medical school. They not only accomplished this, but they're now spreading the word to inspire other inner-city kids to stay off of drugs, out of gangs and to take the educational route to a better life. THE PACT captures the pathos of the men's individual journeys, the integrity of their voices and the power of their rare friendship. Their stories affirm the values that ultimately sustained and drove them: courage, tenacity, and faith. And they give tribute to the life of the mind and its power to turn dreams into reality.
378 ::: Squad 77 (2006) ::: Allen Davis, a former military special forces man is convinced to train a squad of misfits for a dangerous and secretive mission. When things start to go wrong the Squad members begin questioning the true purpose of the mission. With the mission turning into the fight of their life, the squad must decide to trust each other and rely on God. Can they help the missionary they set out to find or will they even be able to help themselves?
379 ::: Unscarred: The Life of Nick Mondo (2004) ::: Unscarred is the documentary of Harcore Indy Wrestling Superstar "Sick" Nick Mondo. The movie covers everything from his early backyard wrestling days, pulling outrageous stunts with his high school friends, to his professional career including Combat Zone Wrestling where he became known as one of the most insane wrestlers of all time. From being power bombed off of buildings to taking a weedwhacker to the stomach, Nick Mondo has done it all and survived. The movie includes great interviews with fellow wrestlers, family, and friends, as well as Mondo himself who relays exactly what was going through his head and what drove him to take such amazing risks.
380 ::: "My Kitchen Rules" (2017) ::: The teams must create tasty tailgate food for the Los Angeles Rams and their fans; Rams players 'Issac Bruce' (qv), 'Cameron Lynch (I)' (qv) and 'Johnny Hekker' (qv) and Rams cheerleader 'Andy Riggs' (qv) help 'Curtis Stone (III)' (qv) and 'Cat Cora' (qv) make their final decision on which duo to eliminate.
381 ::: Codename: Madeleine (????) ::: Not enough Indian, not enough American, Madeleine aka Noor Inayat khan died for France during WWII. Sufi, story-writer and a stunning singer, her life would take dramatic turn when Nazis invade Paris. Noor escapes to London with her family, where, to her astounding surprise, discovers that she is an Indian princess by bloodline. But soon, Noor's Sufi-self wakes her up to fight injustice. She leaves her family, joins British Air Force and parachutes into Nazi occupied France as a spy: code name Madeleine.
382 ::: Mudhoney (1965) ::: It's 1933, in the midst of the Depression and Prohibition. Calif, a stranger with a past walks into Spooner, Missouri on his way from Michigan to California. He hires on with Lute Wade to earn some travelling money, but gets entangled in a bad family situation: Lute's daughter is married to Sidney, a good-for-nothing drunk that frequents the rural equivalent of a whorehouse and beats his wife and is just waiting for Lute to kick the bucket to get his money. When Sidney and a local wacko preacher begin orchestrating a smear campaign against Calif, he finds it difficult to conceal his past and his growing affection for Sidney's wife.
383 ::: Anachnu Lo Levad (2011) ::: Eddie is a lonesome young man who works as a security guard at a big shopping mall. Eddie strongly believes in an old prophecy predicting the very near end of all human civilization. Just as he is getting ready to embark on a carefully planned escape journey, Eddie meets May, a very intelligent yet anti-social young woman, with a dubious past. As the last days before the fateful date go by, May gradually insert herself into Eddie's life and heart until finally Eddie must choose whether to stay and abandon his hope to escape the upcoming apocalypse, or leave and lose his chance for intimacy and real love.
384 ::: Hostages (2002) ::: Special Agent Ginger is sent to investigate the mysterious disappearance of a group of beautiful women. The only common link she can discover is there relationship with the buxom Cassandra. The two women join forces to locate the missing damsels, only to fall prey to the bad guys themselves. Will they free themselves from ropes and gags in time to rescue the other hostages? For that matter, will they free themselves in time to save themselves?
385 ::: From the Streets to the Greek (2014) ::: An outsider artist started with doodles created the faces of hope invited thousands of people from all over including Europe to color them, calling it "the coloring revolution" then getting a place at the plaza on the famous GREEK theatre in Los Angeles.
386 ::: Going Places with Graham McNamee No. 70 (1939) ::: This shows how the Diamond Back Terrapin has been saved from extinction by the U.S. Government and is gradually being increased in numbers under the supervision of government experts. The young turtles are being raised on an government experiment-farm in Beaufort, North Carolina, and are released in the marshes where they will grow to a size able to reproduce. The remainder of the reel shows different scenes on the island of St. John in the Virgin Islands group.
387 ::: Volunteers Unleashed (2015) ::: Leading this story is 22-year-old Pippa Biddle, who after a series of voluntourism experiences over six years posted a critical blog. It went viral with over 15 million hits, and instantly launched her as the poster child against privileged young white women volunteering overseas. In Tanzania we follow a new intake of western volunteers as they travel, party and volunteer. Among them are untrained medical volunteers, eager for experience, who tackle procedures beyond their training or ability, potentially putting a patient's life at risk. In Cambodia, former U.K. Police Detective Eric Meldrum and investigative reporter Juliana Ruhfus show the link between the volunteers working in orphanages, and the exploitation of the very children they have come to help. In an Ecuador animal refuge, we see a profit-driven voluntourism company preying on volunteers' good intentions. Volunteers Unleashed shows dramatically that going overseas with good intentions, does not guarantee good will be done. Inspired by his daughter Jennica's life-changing experience as a volunteer in Tanzania in 2012, Vancouver filmmaker Brad Quenville (The Dolphin Dealer, Ice Pilots, Pyros, Highway Thru Hell) went back to Africa with his daughter and DOP Kyle Sandilands to shoot and develop the documentary.
388 ::: "Kabhii Sautan Kabhii Sahelii" (2001) ::: The show is an emotional saga centered on two best friends, Sonia and Tanu. From childhood onward, they share everything with each other, be it their memories or the emotional highs and lows in their families. When they grow up, their lives take a strange turn as they discover that they are unknowingly sharing a husband, Harsh. From friends they change into co-wives. This tests the purity of their relationship and their ability to face harsh reality.
389 ::: Cocaine Diaries (2007) ::: Leroy Jones life takes a turn for the worst as his addiction to Cocaine spirals him down into the dark underbelly of the inner city. Violent drug drug dealers, murderers robbers and sneaky prostitutes inhabit his new environment. Leroy befriends one of the motel prostitutes. She cooks up a scheme to make some quick cash but things take a turn for the worst and bodies quickly pile up.
390 ::: Joy (2002/I) ::: A young African American man, quickly closing in on the much sought after American Dream, comes to terms with the fact that no amount of success can shield him from the ills that face our society. In the end family, good friends, and a supportive community rally to help him once again find Joy.
391 ::: 100 Milyon Yillik Yolculuk (2013) ::: 20 nesting beaches... 4 universities... 3 countries... and a story older than mankind. A Journey of 100 Million Years explores two endangered sea turtle species in the Mediterranean Basin: Caretta Caretta and Chelonia Mydas. The 100 million old history of sea turtles, the future of the species, devoted biologists, conservation activists, underwater photographers, rehabilitation centers and research studies all take place in the documentary. Nesting beaches taken up by industrial plants, coastal erosion, sea turtles mutilated by unconscious fishermen, beaches transformed into garbage dumps are part of the threats that sea turtles face today in the Mediterranean. A Journey of 100 Million Years features important nesting beaches in Turkey and Northern Cyprus as well as rehabilitation centers in Turkey and Italy. The film also witnesses the release of two rehabilitated sea turtles with satellite tracking equipment to the Mediterranean Sea: Melissa from Iztuzu Beach in Turkey and Ilaria from Fusaro beach in Italy. Each year, female sea turtles return to the beach where they have hatched to lay their eggs. They confide the future deep inside our beaches. But will this treasure be safely kept?
392 ::: Crow Hollow (1952) ::: A story of a newly-wed wife of a young doctor who goes to live with him in an oppressive old house where various mysterious attempts are made on her life.
393 ::: Fernanda (2010) ::: A young couple reach their vacations destination at the small island of La Palma. As they meet some thrilling characters like the housekeeper and Fernanda, the woman who cleans the house, they discover their relationship is not as good as they thought.
394 ::: Mauvaise posture (2012) ::: Alex and Simon have not seen each other for years. It is Alex who found Simon on facebook, and since then he has been trying to meet with him again. When they hook up in a café, Simon tells to Alex about his life, and how he doesn't have the guts to quit his girlfriend. Alex is quite surprised by Simon's story and finds it quit amusing, but Simon seems pretty serious about it. So Alex, who is more on the light side of things is going to imagine different solution to help his friend find his freedom again.
395 ::: John Bishop's Christmas Show (2014) ::: John Bishop's Christmas Show will be an all singing, all dancing festive comedy spectacular. To help him bring the Christmas cheer John will be joined on stage at the Dominion Theatre in London's West End by some of the most exciting names in in music and comedy. George Ezra and Olly Murs will both be performing their big hits from the year and Jack Whitehall, Jason Byrne, Katherine Ryan & the Horne Section will be some of the comedy acts supplying the laughs. There will be plenty of other Christmas treats and surprises along the way including Mr Bishop performing a special dance routine with 16 Tiller Girls.
396 ::: Swaham (1994) ::: The owner of a little tea house in a remote Indian village dies in an accident. The family, wife, son and daughter, get into financial troubles. Their only hope, it seems, is getting the son into the army. But this is expensive...
397 ::: Ie ni kaeruto tsuma ga kanarazu shinda furi wo shiteimasu (2018) ::: Confronted by the eccentric and odd behaviour of his wife and the stunts she regularly pulled like ingesting ketchup, spewing it back out and lying on the floor when her husband arrives home from work a man posted questions to members on Yahoo Answers, which in turn became the basis for the story of the married couple.
398 ::: Threads of Fate (1917) ::: Marcella, the wife of Jim Gregory, a Pennsylvania coal miner, elopes with Giovanni, her Lover. She leaves their baby daughter with her husband, Gregory, feeling powerless to give proper care to the little one, abandons her on a doorstep, tying around her neck a note and her mother's discarded wedding ring. Tom and Sara Wentworth are the child's foster parents, and Tom calls her Dorothea, meaning "the gift of God." She grows up in sympathy with him, but wholly misunderstood by her foster-mother, who is much displeased at her propensity for caring for all the stray dogs and cats she can find and turning the Wentworth home into a haven for animals. In later years Dr. Grant Hunter falls in love with Dot and she persuades him to give up his work in vivisection. "Dot" loves Grant, but his suit is frowned upon by Sarah Wentworth. Her husband has inherited a large coal mine, and she wants someone more important than an impecunious doctor for her daughter, "Dot" has never been told of her true parentage. Marcella and Giovanni, after many years of prosperity in Naples, have come to grief. Giovanni, known as the Marquis del Carnavacchi, is the leader of a branch of the Camorra. The Italian Secret Service has discovered his operations, and he tells Marcella, who is posing as his sister, that they will be compelled to go to America. Marcella is alarmed, fearing to encounter her husband. At this time the miners in the Pennsylvania town where Gregory lives are talking of going on strike. Gregory has stirred the much abused foreigners into action, telling them the wages paid them are insufficient. In his friendship for them he has drifted into a branch of the Camorra, where he is their spokesman. Little dreaming that Wentworth is the man who has cared for his child all these years, Gregory leads a delegation of strikers who go to the Wentworth's mansion. He sees Dorothea, but does not know she is his daughter. Later, an accident to him at the mine interests "Dot" in him, and she visits him daily in the hospital, the two being strangely drawn to each other. Giovanni is ordered by the Camorra to visit the coal mine. He represents himself as an agent of the Italian government. Sarah Wentworth welcomes so remarkable a personage as a Marquis, and invites him and his "sister" to make her house their home during their stay. They do so, enabling Giovanni the better to betray Wentworth to the miners, and also to make love to Dorothea, whom he makes up his mind to marry. He tells Marcella that he will divide with her the money he receives as a marriage settlement. An intuitive feeling causes Marcella to oppose the match, and "Dot" herself joins her foster father in objecting, but Sarah is determined to have a Marquis in the family. The marriage settlement is ready to sign, when "Dot" upsets everything by saying that if it costs so much money to get a husband she will remain single. His plans thwarted, Giovanni decides to abduct "Dot" and kill Wentworth. Marcella is horrified, but Giovanni tells her to pack up and be in readiness to leave. Gregory, now recovered, refuses to be a party to the murderous plans of the Camorra members, but carries a message from them to Wentworth. While there, he overhears Sarah upbraiding "Dot" for spoiling the match with the Marquis, and he learns that "Dot" is his own child. Under Wentworth's roof he meets Marcella, and husband and wife join forces in an effort to save their child. Marcella invents a pretext to take "Dot" out of Giovanni's reach, and Gregory remains to fight with Wentworth against the coming strikers, having sent in a call for the police. Gregory and Giovanni struggle and the former is shot. Giovanni is caught by the police, but Gregory has been mortally wounded, and dies giving "Dot" his blessing, but not letting her know that he is her father. Marcella places her daughter's hand in that of Dr. Grant Hunter.
399 ::: Dongbanja (1984) ::: A man receives orders to assassinate an old teacher whom he admires, but finds that he cannot obey. He quits his work as an agent and falls in love as he searches for the meaning of life, however he comes to believe that he will only be happy in death
400 ::: A Scandall (2016) ::: Kuhu, a 9 year old girl, drowns in a lake in Nainital. Soon after, her father, Manav falls off a cliff but lives on to lead a strange life of hallucinations and complete metamorphosis. Manav now sees his dead daughter. When Vidhu, a film school pass out, hears this story from his girlfriend Koya, he finds it interesting enough to turn it into a film. A small crew of four set out for Nainital, hoping to film paranormal activities going around Kuhu's family. Very little they know that their exploits will lead them into a quagmire of incest, sex and an unsolved murder mystery.
401 ::: Lost: The Story of the Oceanic 6 (2009) ::: When six survivors from Oceanic flight 815 found rescue off a mysterious island in the South Pacific they decided to lie about their entire ordeal. But after coming home, the "Oceanic 6" came to the realization that their destiny was back on the island. LOST: The Story of the Oceanic 6 explores their journey from the day they left the island to their fateful return.
402 ::: Al-Zaytun Nostalgia Trip (2013) ::: Three friends travel to their former Islamic boarding school to relive and record nostalgia for their friends to be able to view online. Testimonials from teachers, familiar corners and spots in school buildings, nostalgic banters and memories all wrapped up in this travelogue-style documentary about a boarding school at a backwater village in Indramayu, West Java, Indonesia.
403 ::: TLC: Year with a Leather Club (1996) ::: A documentary that looks at the educational, fundraising, and political work of the Greensboro, North Carolina Tarheel Leather Club, one of over six hundred Leather/SM clubs nationwide that create spaces for learning and exploration about radical sexuality. Through in-depth interviews and coverage of the organizations work in a typical year, the video examines the motivations of individual members in their work for the Club, their impact on the local community, and how they have survived in the heart of the Bible Belt.
404 ::: Sorority Murder (2015) ::: Pretty and likable Jennifer arrives as a freshman at Whittendale University and is greeted by pledge-seeker Alex of the Beta Sigma Eta Sorority. Once warmly embraced by the sorority, Jennifer soon realizes trouble is lurking beneath the happy surface of the sorority and makes an enemy of the sorority president Breanne. When Breanne's body is found, Jennifer finds herself considered to be the number one suspect on campus. Ready to move away to college. Jennifer is ready to start a fresh chapter, after years of mourning her father's death and living with her mother's consequential drunkenness. Will she escape into a carefree sorority life that includes more sitting back & shutting up?
405 ::: "Big Heat" (2011) ::: What does it take to make it big in music? The four members of the rookie idol group Big Heat - Kim San (Kim Joo Young), Dok Go (Jo Sung Wook), Tae Ha (Jo Sung Woo) and Joo Pil (Oh Song) - want to do whatever it takes to make it in the music industry.
406 ::: Accidental Engagement (2016) ::: When unsuccessful actress Clarissa returns to her hometown for a wedding and tries to impress her old friends by claiming she's dating big time celebrity Chas Hunter, she suddenly finds herself in a comically false engagement when her lies go public Chas decides to join the festivities in a stunt to escape bad press.
407 ::: Sierra Passage (1950) ::: When Yance Carter, Andy and Bart, professional killers, murder his father, 13-year-old Johnny Yorke is adopted by Thad Kring, owner of a traveling minstrel show, featuring Sam Cooper as his ace sharpshooter. For the next ten years, while working in the show and becoming an ace sharpshooter with Cooper as his mentor, the adult Johnny maintains a relentless search for Yance, whom he knows only as a big man with a missing finger and a high piercing laugh. In an attempt to find a restraining influence on the revenge-mad Johnny, Thad hires pretty Ann Walker to be Johnny's assistant in his sharp-shooting act, but Johnny's desire for revenge precludes marriage. When Yance, Andy and Bart hold up a train on which the minstrel troupe is traveling, Johnny gives pursuit, despite the pleadings of Ann and Thad. He trails the killers for several months without success, eventually winding up in Silver Springs, where the ministrel show is playing. Johnny agrees to perform his act with the troupe and, during the show, he hears Yance's peculiar laugh coming from the audience.
408 ::: Wild Horse from Shangri-La (2009) ::: In a mountain village in Shangri-la there is a Tibetan boy known as "Wild Horse" because he is the fastest runner of his generation. His peaceful life is turned upside down when his sister Gerui is in desperate need of a heart operation. Geza's father passed away a long time age. Although the 10,000RMB in medical fee is an astronomical figure for the family, Geza refuses to give up on his beloved younger sister. By chance a shepherd boy arrives with a newspaper advertisement announcing a prize of 10,000RMB for the winner of an upcoming marathon race in Kunming! Geza immediately decides to take part in the race. Although he has never traveled far beyond the village's border, he decides to run the 10,000km from Shangri-la to Kunming city to join the race. He will run against time, challenge the God of Death, and win the right to life for his little sister.
409 ::: Loops (1973) ::: In the Summer of 1972 I agreed to direct and act in several porno loops. I contacted William Markle, a local New York Cinematographer, and asked him if he had an interest in creating a documentary, in partnership with me, about a day in the life of a pornographer. He jumped at the chance. In 1972 porno was all the rage, and we thought that a documentary, or docudrama about the making of XXX rated films might just be successful at the box office. The actors who participated in the shooting of the loops were: Myself, Harry Reems, Fred Lincoln, Lucy Grantham, Sargeant Tina, and several Gypsies. The footage turned out to be hilarious, but it needed another element in order to hold an audience's interest for feature length. I wrote a story about a film maker, who was making porno on the side, unbeknownst to Mrs. Film maker. We Hired an actress/belly dancer named Cathy Joyce to play my wife, and shot the script I had written. We intercut the new dramatized scenes of the film maker and his wife with the original documentary footage of the making of porno loops, and the result was a feature length docudrama, or docucomedy called "LOOPS". In the Fall of 1972 Bill Markle and I began the process of screening our project for potential distributors. Everybody saw it; MGM, Avco Embassy, Columbia, Paramount, Warners. Heady times for a couple of young film makers. In the end none of the majors had the guts to pull the trigger on this kind of project. We came close with Warners, but they finally decided against it. During one of the screenings, Sean Cunningham (Last House On the Left, Friday the Thirteenth)began weeping. He saw "LOOPS" as the story of his life, right down to having the same first name as the main character. (Me) So Bill and I sold the picture to Cunningham. The sale figure didn't exactly break the bank, but it was way more than it cost to make so Bill and I were Happy. After some re-shooting and re-editing, Cunningham opened "LOOPS" to mixed reviews and pretty negative box office. This movie seems to have completely disappeared from the face of the earth. In the mid Seventies "LOOPS" was in the archives of the Lincoln Center Film Society, but since then has fallen through the cracks. Cunningham may, or may not still own the rights to this picture, but to my knowledge, no attempt has been made to release "LOOPS" in video or dvd.
410 ::: 1959: The Year That Changed Jazz (2009) ::: In 1959, four important jazz albums were released, each a watershed moment for the genre that reflects its time. With rare footage and plenty of interviews with musicians and critics, this documentary seeks to explore their achievements in social, political, and musical context, as well as to touch on the enduring influence they have had in the intervening years. The albums considered are: - Miles Davis' Kind of Blue - Dave Brubeck's Time Out - Charles Mingus' Ah Um, and - Ornette Coleman's The Shape of Jazz to Come
411 ::: "Short Term" (2011) ::: Short Term is the story of a temporary staffing company and the day to day adventures of the employees that work there. Follow this rag tag crew as they set out to save the world one temp position at a time. That is, as long as there's not a sale at Bloomingdale's.
412 ::: The Accidental Mayor (????) ::: Never in a million years did anyone imagine John Fabrizi, a veteran foot soldier of the city's political with a variety of rumored personal problems, would end up as mayor. Even in rusty old Bridgeport, Connecticut. The city after all is known as the city that never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity. But to everyone's surprise he tackles the job head on. He defies expectation and helps Bridgeport start to believe in itself again. Then it all unravels.
413 ::: Fremdkörper (2011) ::: Lars, a successful ad designer from Berlin, burns all his bridges and decides to leave everything behind. His journey leads him to the venue of his childhood: the outskirts of a West German small town and his parents' old house that has been empty for the last 15 years. In this sleepy place, he meets country singer Peter who refuses to realize that his career plans have failed a long time ago. Lars also meets his secret school crush Claudia, a single mother who has been stuck in the small town for years. She puts up with an underpaid job with an insignificant local weekly, while her boss Andreas dreams of hitting the jackpot with his town marketing project. FREMDKÖRPER (Impurity) is a tragicomic story about people who have to learn that dreams don't always come true and that in life there is no such thing as a dead-end.
414 ::: Sex and the USA (2008) ::: Thirteen year old Audrey Shaw is new to Bellweather, California and certain she'll never fit in when she meets Krista Rich, the pretty, popular girl she aspires to be "or be with" - she's just not sure. Set against the backdrop of abstinence education and presented as Audrey's real life documentary assembled entirely from her own video clips, instant messages and cell phone cam (as well as those of her classmates and internet friends), Sex and The U.S.A. is a scripted drama about two teenage girls torn between Americas popular culture, where twelve year olds bear skin, breast implants are a Sweet Sixteen gift and George W. Bush's Evangelical right prizes virginity. Where natural urges of adolescence are at best dismissed, at worst, demonized and either way, taught in public schools. Without sex education or parents who are willing to talk about sex, Audrey and Krista are faced with a difficult task: to remain virgins while acting like whores. Like many American girls, this quest leads them to do almost anything in the name of being popular - everything in fact, except having intercourse. Their behavior escalates until ultimately, combined with confusion, results in the forced loss of the only thing thats important to Krista " her virginity", and the only thing thats important to Audrey " their friendship".
415 ::: "Indie Rising" (2015) ::: Indie Rising is committed to helping the rising, talented artists with New England roots to get attention for their particular craft. Whether it be in music, filmmaking, acting, expressive arts, writing, or any other form of artistic expression we want to talk with them and spread the news of their successes. At the same time, we sit down with those people with New England roots who have achieved a level of measured success in their field in what we call "The Specialist's Corner" and talk with them about their passion, their climb and their drive to create.
416 ::: Zombies: Odessey and Oracle - The 40th Anniversary Concert (2009) ::: This film contains the complete Odessey Oracle album, with all 12 tracks lovingly re-created by the original four members of The Zombies Rod Argent, Colin Blunstone, Chris White and Hugh Grundy, during an historic 40th Anniversary reunion concert at the Shepherds Bush Empire, London, in March 2008. It also contains everything else performed the same evening by The Zombies Touring Band comprised of Rod Argent, Colin Blunstone, Jim Rodford, ex-Argent, Steve Rodford and Keith Airey, and augmented by a string quintet. Songs include music made famous by The Zombies and Argent, plus selections from Colin Blunstones solo albums. Dedicated to the much missed Zombies fifth member Paul Atkinson 1946 - 2004.
417 ::: The Paraclete (1996) ::: Undercover Detroit cop Tommy is losing it. Maybe the guys he's trying to bust have found him out - but they wouldn't torment him like this - they'd just kill him. Seeking respite from his anguish he ventures to his childhood - and there encounters his demon - under four feet of water.
418 ::: Bob the Builder on Site Skyscrapers (2009) ::: Bob is back in an-all new construction adventure to teach the art of building skyscrapers. Along with Tumbler, Dizzy, Lofty and Flex, Bob is always ready to tackle even the tallest projects. No problem is too high to solve when you have positive-thinking and teamwork. In this exciting mix of animation and live action, you'll find yourself on top of the world!
419 ::: Chuye Dile Mon (2015) ::: Abir grew up in Hridoypur and spent a number of years there. At his very young age Abir met his childhood love Nila. Nila's father is a man with power and wealth and he wont let his young daughter to hang out with Abir who is considered to be an outsider. Things turned ugly when Abir and Nila got caught and and the whole family was being outcast because of this. Finally Abir's family moved out of Hridoypur. After 12 years, Abir is a promising singer and receives an offer to sing which happens to be in Hridoypur. He goes there and finds out Nila's cousin a local gangster, is about to marry Nila. Abir met Nila, they were still in love despite all these years apart from each other. They plan to run away but Abir's plan was to take revenge of his childhood and ditch Nila ( Nila lied when they got caught and Abir had to take all the insults from Nila's father). He left Nila and went back his home, and that's when he realizes he is truly in love with Nila. He went back to Hridoypur to win back Nila's heart! Abir grew up in Hridoypur and spent a number of years there. At his very young age Abir met his childhood love Nila. Nila's father is a man with power and wealth and he wont let his young daughter to hang out with Abir who is considered to be an outsider. Things turned ugly when Abir and Nila got caught and and the whole family was being outcast because of this. Finally Abir's family moved out of Hridoypur. After 12 years, Abir is a promising singer and receives an offer to sing which happens to be in Hridoypur. He goes there and finds out Nila's cousin a local gangster, is about to marry Nila. Abir met Nila, they were still in love despite all these years apart from each other. They plan to run away but Abir's plan was to take revenge of his childhood and ditch Nila ( Nila lied when they got caught and Abir had to take all the insults from Nila's father). He left Nila and went back his home, and that's when he realizes he is truly in love with Nila. He went back to Hridoypur to win back Nila's heart!
420 ::: Wheeler (2009) ::: A documentary film crew films the life of Wheeler, the fire planeteer from Captain Planet. It has been 15 years since the Planeteers broke up and Wheeler's life is in shambles: he loses his job at the Environmental Protection Agency, his girlfriend breaks up with him and sleeps with a member of the film team. Wheeler goes on a drinking binge and ends up pawning his fire ring. A few months later, Wheeler starts his own business and begins turning his life around selling very plain pizza while dressed in a bear suit. Wheeler also attends Super Powers Anonymous (SPA) meetings where he encounters other superheroes who have lost their powers. Wheeler attempts to buy his ring back from the pawn shop but discovers that it has been resold and is lost forever. Wheeler must now figure out how to survive without the thing that has defined so much of his life.
421 ::: Janam Kundli (1995) ::: Widower Mahendra Prasad lives a very wealthy lifestyle along with his daughter, Kiran, in a palatial house. He is very religious and superstitious and consults his astrologer, Pandit Din Dayal Shastri, on all major issues. When Kiran informs him that she and wealthy Randhir Mehra are in love with each other, he consults Din Dayal, who predicts that the alliance is unsuitable. Mahendra convinces Kiran to get married to wealthy Ravi Kapoor, which she does. On the day of the marriage, Randhir attempts to speak with Kiran, but is prevented, a scuffle ensues, police arrive, and Randhir ends up shooting a police inspector, as a result he is arrested, tried in court, and sentenced to two years in jail. Kiran gives birth to a baby boy, Sunny, who grows up and falls in love with Madhu Sodhi. When they approach her dad, Rajiv, for getting the two married, Rajiv initially refuses, but changes his mind when he sees Mahendra's photograph. Watch as events unfold as prediction upon prediction of Din Dayal come true - and the one which everyone dreads the most - the death of Sunny at the hands of his biological father!!
422 ::: Maitresse (2000) ::: Shuko Katagiri, 32, who works at high-scale restaurant in Ginza as sommelier, providing the good combination of wine and food. And feels proud of herself for putting her utmost effort into the work by suggesting "Marriage". However, she still hasn't found the answer to marriage after having an affair with the collage professor for four years. It would be lying to say that she's not at her wits' end with this. As such as that, she encounters this word "Maitresse" - Never to be restrained for loving each other, Lovers who can have an affair, but at the same time being independent - She starts to feel that this is the way her life should be ...
423 ::: Det sjunde skottet (1998) ::: In this psychological drama Rosalita is on leave from prison for a few days in late summer. She wants to explain to her son Jens what really happened and wants to create a new life for them both. They meet Ebba, a teenager who joins them, as well as people from Rosalita's past.
424 ::: Da muss Mann durch (2015) ::: Paul is done with love - until he meets Lena. Now he has to convince her family on Mallorca of himself being the right one for their daughter. Lena's mother though would prefer Patrick by her side, a hedgefonds manager and Lena's ex boyfriend. Paul is challenged by Patrick to a duel among men and is glad that his three best friends are there to support him...
425 ::: Remembering Jean Gabin (1978) ::: Profile of Jean Gabin, the great French actor of 100 films, who died in 1976 at the age of 73. Here his career is traced and he is remembered by some of the many producers, directors, writers and actors with whom he worked. Illustrated with many photographs and film clips. Narrated by Nadia Gray who played opposite Gabin in the early 50's. Interviews with Directors Rene Clement, Jean Dellanoy, Denys de la Patelliere, Granbier-Deferre. Actors Madeleine Renaud, Michele Morgan, Simone Simon, Jean Desailly, Francois Arnoul, Lino Ventura, Danielle Darrieux. Cinema Critics and Historians Claude Beylie, Robert Chazal. Screenwriter Michel Audiard. 1978.
426 ::: Willing Acceptance (2014) ::: Willing Acceptance is the investigation of the death of a young girl. The main character, Renee, deduces from the dead girl's room that she was a creative mastermind. Her body has no wounds, and shows no cause of death - with unsupportive, unaccepting parents, yet no real enemies - What happened to this brilliant child?
427 ::: Tony 10 (2012) ::: A family film which tells the unlikely and timeless story about almost ten year old Tony, whose father rises from being a crane driver to Secretary of State. As a result his parents get divorced and Tony does everything he can to bring them back together. He even calls in the help of the queen.
428 ::: Fast Zombies with Guns (2009) ::: Collateral damage....sometimes it's unavoidable. Paul Varlo's attempt to kill the man who is going to rat him out by poisoning his water supply leads to an outbreak of zombie carnage. To make matters worse, these zombies are different, they're faster, meaner and they're armed. With the town being over run by fast zombies with guns, one group of people are attempting to make their escape to Chicago to survive. Meanwhile, Jake and his girlfriend Laura are on their way to Spring Grove to bring Varlo a priceless heirloom and collect their 2 million dollars. They make it to Spring Grove and discover an empty town, its streets paved in blood. Will the group survive the terror that has befallen them? Will Jake and Laura get their 2 million? Will the zombies run out of bullets?
429 ::: Tony Robbins: I Am Not Your Guru (2016) ::: TONY ROBBINS: I AM NOT YOUR GURU, a feature documentary film about internationally renowned life and business strategist Tony Robbins, is a revelatory cinéma vérité film that goes behind the scenes of his mammoth seminar "Date With Destiny," attended by over 2,500 people in Boca Raton, Florida, each year, to give an insider look at how one man can affect millions. Granted never before seen access to the behind the scenes modus operandi of this enormous event, this film captures both the immense effort of producing this live seminar, as well as the life-changing transformations of the participants in real time. Embedding with Tony Robbins and his team over the course of six days, Academy Award nominated filmmaker Joe Berlinger turns an unflinching eye on Tony Robbins' powerful and uncompromising approach to achieving success, ensuring the attendees leave "Date With Destiny" with new perspective on the forces, thoughts, and feelings that motivate their behavior and help them take control of their lives. Pulling back the curtain on Tony Robbins, a man that traverses the globe and counsels over 200,000 people annually, including world leaders, pundits, entrepreneurs, CEOs, athletes and celebrities, through interviews and unprecedented access, TONY ROBBINS: I AM NOT YOUR GURU is an emotional tour de force that unveils the inner-workings of this mega event, the zealous participants and the man himself.
430 ::: Canyon City (1943) ::: Craig Morton, fronting for an eastern electric concern, and town banker Emerson Wheeler are scheming to gain control of a water-supply dam owned by local ranchers. The bank is to foreclose on the ranchers, and sell the ranches to the corporation for a large profit. Senator Gleason promises to help the ranchers, but he is murdered. Terry Reynolds, posing as an outlaw called the Nevada Kid, meets and works with Gleason's daughter, Edith, to trap the crooks and bring about a square deal for the ranchers.
431 ::: 12:35 (2002) ::: Exploring the random chance of life and twists that can befall from a small events that lead to tragedy. Focusing on the same group of friends but from the perspective of two different possible worlds (similar to the theme of 'Sliding Doors' or 'Run Lola' Run'). And how much their lives all change due to the death of a friend or her not getting into an accident that causes her to die.
432 ::: Workers - Pronti a tutto (2012) ::: Giacomo finds himself working as a carer for a disabled person, Mario Spada, who is unbearable, to say the least: vulgar, a callous poker player who loves his vodka, he insults him, sends him to buy cocaine and forces him to come with him looking for prostitutes. Italo works on a cattle farm: his job is to collect seed specimens for genetic sampling - in other words, he masturbates bulls - but he makes his girlfriend Tania, a fan of TV series Dr House, believe that he is a great surgeon. Alice dreams of being a film and theatre make-up artist, but the only job she can find is that of doing the make-up on corpses for a funeral home, and to supplement that she accepts an offer from Saro, the son of a family of a Mafiosi, to play the part of his dead wife in public occasions, given the extraordinary semblance.
433 ::: I Am Not Your Negro (2016) ::: In 1979, James Baldwin wrote a letter to his literary agent describing his next project, "Remember This House." The book was to be a revolutionary, personal account of the lives and assassinations of three of his close friends: Medgar Evers, Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Jr. At the time of Baldwin's death in 1987, he left behind only 30 completed pages of this manuscript. Filmmaker Raoul Peck envisions the book James Baldwin never finished.
434 ::: The Deadly Bridal Shower (2008) ::: Nikki is invited to the wedding shower of a college friend, Kim, who she hasn't seen in several years. She is reluctant to go but decides to attend at the last minute. When she arrives, she finds that Kim is not there yet but all of her (identical) blond sisters are, and they aren't very welcoming. As they all wait for Kim to arrive the sisters begin a psychological attack on Nikki's appearance. She decides to leave but the sisters aren't willing to let their prey go so easily.
435 ::: Radio Vihor zove Andjeliju (1979) ::: The phenomenon of tourism arrives to a remote village. A married couple sells their property to open a motel, which would be a starting point for their daughter Andjelija's singing career. The local radio-amateur (and Andjelija's boyfriend) helps them to achieve these goals, but Andjelija is more interested in her love life than her career.
436 ::: "Agentstvo skrytyh kamer" (2016) ::: The founder of the "Secret Hidden Camera Agency" Mikhail Troshin (Eduard Flerov) is a former FSB colonel who retired after an unsuccessful operation. In each series in his detective bureau appeals to customers who are at risk. Troshin's know-how is a hidden observation, which is much more effective than working with evidence and interrogations, where criminals are cleverly hiding the truth. The Agency has the technical means that connect to any electronic device recording an image or sound. This allows the Troshin team to prevent crimes and bring out intruders into clean water.
437 ::: "A glimpse insight into the mind of Charlie Baker" (2017) ::: Charlie Baker is depressed and suicidal after the death of his mother. The only way he can deal with his problems is drug abuse, which got him into trouble with the wrong people, especially his dealer Veer. After a suicide attempt after a breakdown he realized that he must change his life:
438 ::: Married People Only! (2005) ::: A romantic comedy about a single man seeking a married woman and a single woman seeking a married man. Somehow, someway, the two are matched up. Needless to say that neither are ready for a commitment. Come on, we all know that Married people are already in that magical relationship, so they don't need another one. Right? Keep your sunglasses near, being discreet is a must! Don't ask, don't tell is the law of this land, at least until one of the secret lovers slips up and falls in love. BUMMER! This match made in the Lost In Love section of Misguided Souls Newspaper is only another crazy tale from the mind of Khari Ajene. It's only a movie, I promise!
439 ::: "Dojc Caffe" (2015) ::: The story revolves around personal and professional lives of three friends who own a bar, each for a variety of reasons. Their friendship remains strong in spite of each failure or business downfall and overcomes every trouble that crosses path with one of the three friends. The story revolves around personal and professional lives of three friends who own a bar, each for a variety of reasons. Everyday people and their interesting "everyday" stories are the core of this story, as well as its striking episodic characters who appear straight from the margin to pub "Dojc Caffe", where they try to sell their dreams to three best friends. Their friendship remains strong and intact in spite of each failure or business downfall and overcomes every trouble that crosses path with one of the three friends. Its humor constantly explores and examines the relations between friends, and enemies, as well as the relation towards tradition, past and future times, current events and forced trends of young people.
440 ::: Looking for Hope (2005) ::: John Durham is a man without hope. A small-town factory worker working, sleeping, drinking his life away, Durham has long since given up on finding happiness or escaping from his lonely world. When he meets Mary, a high school girl full of dreams and future, John finds himself believing again, falling in love, and realizing in the process the redemption and pain that hope brings. John Durham lives and works in small town Oklahoma, spending his days at the local factory and his nights at the Lighthouse, the local bar. When he meets and falls in love with Mary, his boss's teenage daughter, John finds himself daring to dream about leaving his past and his old life behind him.
441 ::: Gelosia (1953) ::: A Sicilian nobleman is very jealous of his mistress and when she gets married flies off his handle and commits a murder of which an innocent man is accused. He is however tormented by his conscience.
442 ::: Bugsplat (2012) ::: The story of a Physicist who works for Lockheed Martin on project Darkstar, and how he struggles to cope with his torment over the Governments decision to change the use of Predator Drones from an unmanned spy plane to a front line attack vehicle.
443 ::: Flyboy baksa sodong (1959) ::: When he learns that famous rocket scientist is apparently missing, a pilot nicknamed Flyboy decides to pass himself off as the scientist to collect the awards being bestowed on him. Unfortunately, Flyboy is anything but a rocket scientist...
444 ::: The Final Solution (2004) ::: Since ancient times humanity attempted to comprehend the laws of beauty by means of art. In recent history such inquiries were almost completely suppressed by the self appointed art critics and Art Selectioners, who unwillingly created the necessity of an objective evaluation of art. In 1998 this ancient quest was finally fulfilled through the creation of the Apparatus for Measuring Beauty and Determining Healing or Harmful Energies of Works of Art. This historic breakthrough led to the Final Solution of the question on the nature of art - what is art and what art should be.
445 ::: Four Rooms (1995) ::: This movie features the collaborative directorial efforts of four new filmmakers, each of whom directs a segment of this comedy. It's New Year's Eve at the Mon Signor Hotel, a former grand old Hollywood hotel, now fallen upon hard times. Often using physical comedy and sight gags, this movie chronicles the slapstick misadventures of Ted, the Bellhop. He's on his first night on the job, when he's asked to help out a coven of witches in the Honeymoon Suite. Things only get worse when he delivers ice to the wrong room and ends up in a domestic argument at a really bad time. Next, he foolishly agrees to watch a gangster's kids for him while he's away. Finally, he finishes off the night refereeing a ghastly wager.
446 ::: Jesam li sretna? (2011) ::: Current political and economic situation didn't bypass this place either. Creating a story while observing chambermaids doing their everyday business, capturing real events as they unfold, we enter areas people normally don't see or are not allowed to see. On one side we have chambermaids and on the other side their supervisor Marija. If some of the guests complain, director of hotel will impeach Marija. So everything has to be perfect. Work, order and discipline is Marija's motto. We discover a world that lies behind the hotel comfort. This leads to a daily battle for jobs, for existence. Sharp contrast to refined facade of a luxury hotel.
447 ::: The Silent Thief (2012) ::: The Silent Thief is a psychological thriller that examines familial bonds, the human need to belong and the thin line between sanity and insanity. Brennan Marley is an outcast drifter who threatens to destroy a family's unity by displacing their biological son, Mike Henderson, while he is away at college. Hungry for acceptance and exceptionally cunning, Brennan becomes a boarder at the Henderson family's beach home under false pretenses. Claiming that he is an orphan from England, Brennan uses his manipulative prowess to ingratiate himself with each member of the Henderson family before Mike returns home from college for Christmas vacation. As Brennan's tactics become increasingly pernicious, psyches are driven to the breaking point, long buried family secrets are revealed and violence ensues.
448 ::: The 303rd (2010) ::: Ret. Col. Louis "Mel" Schulstad of the 303rd Bomb Group was among the first pilots to lead daytime bombing missions over Western Europe in 1942. He recalls the early days of World War II and the impossible odds that these brave men faced to ensure the safety and freedom of generations to come.
449 ::: You Are Guilty (1923) ::: When Joe Grantwood embezzles money, his half-brother Steve Martin takes the fall for it to spare his mother the embarrassment and shame, and leaves town to lead the life of a hobo. When he returns years later he discovers that his former sweetheart is now the widowed mother of a young son. He refuses a bribe offered by his stepbrother, and when Joe is murdered, Steve finds himself accused of it.
450 ::: "Station Horizon" (2015) ::: Inspired by classic American values and freedom, this striking French-language comedy-drama sees ex-con Joris Fragničre returning home to Horizonville after a 25 years absence. Station Horizon tells the story of an Americana-obsessed Swiss valley community fighting for survival against the threat of modern society. To honor his recently deceased father, Joris returns on parole to the Wild West atmosphere of Horizonville. He immediately finds himself face-to-face with demons from his past: his brother, Charly, his childhood rival, Raymond, and Latin beauty, Cheyenne. Above the Station Horizon gas station, the Valais and American flag fly side-by-side. Outside, classic American cars, pickup trucks and motorbikes gleam, while horses graze in the meadows. At night, the locals head to the neon-lit Bar 66 for poker, strippers, country music and fighting. Station Horizon is a poignant and original series packed with good humor. The oddly endearing inhabitant of this strange town - a distant cousin of US Wyoming - are looking for elsewhere, but find it at home. In deciding to stay, Joris must confront his past and his future.
451 ::: Open Season (1995) ::: An ex-employee of the TV ratings company goes to work at the Public Broadcasting Television studio (PBT) when suddenly the computer that determines ratings has a malfunction so that it inaccuratly reports a sudden trend from the normal violence, sex and gore on network television to the artsy PBT shows.
452 ::: Ten More Good Years (2007) ::: LGBT Elders often age alone, without financial stability and at times find themselves returning to the closet. These issues are all but ignored by the government so the LGBT Community is finding ways to resolve these problems on their own. Ten More Good Years sheds light on the issues and offers hope for the future should we decide as a community to embrace everyone regardless of age. Ten More Good Years follows four LGBT elders and explores the reasons why so many in this community age alone, without financial stability and often return to the closet. We meet men and women who work in the field of aging that help to explain why it is that so many of our Heros have been left behind. Yet there is hope; one thing the AIDS crisis taught the world is that LGBT people take care of their own. While the government continues to ignore the unique challenges and concerns these elders are facing, the gay community is finding ways to care for themselves. Ten More Good Years sheds light on the injustices LGBT elders are facing and offers hope for the future.
453 ::: Die Blume von Hawaii (1953) ::: Shortly before the beginning of the 20th century, the U.S. Army occupies Hawaii and deposes the queen. Since then Harrison is governor over the archipelago. The Hawaiian princess Lia has more or less come to terms with the new balance of power and she prefers to stay in Paris, where in her childhood her parents allowed her an education. As a child Lia was already betrothed to prince Lilo-Taro, but he loves life more than his homeland and he travels a lot. Meanwhile, a large part of the native Hawaiians have enough of the American occupiers. The king's faithful followers have elected Kanako Hilo as their leader and they hope he will be successful in expelling the colonial rulers.
454 ::: Professorens Morgenavis (1906) ::: The professor is quietly reading his morning paper when he feels annoyed by boys playing in the same park. He scolds them and they plan a revenge. One og them sticks a sign on his back saying "painted". As he goes on his way he meets several people who finds him embarrassing. He notices the sign, gets rids of it, but is now follow by a gang of all the people he has encountered during the day. The police is about to grab him when he manages to jump on a passing carriage.
455 ::: De laatste dagen van brood en wijn (1983) ::: In the vein of a medieval tradition of Antwerp the so called "Pilgrimstable" is held every year during the Holy Week. Twelve affluent citizens provide twelve needy elderly men with a copious dinner. This ritual is inspired and reminiscent of the Last Supper.
456 ::: Flying Full Circle (2009) ::: Flying Full Circle is about living out a childhood dream. Filmmaker Brian J. Terwilliger's passion for aviation was sparked at an early age by seeing The Blue Angels perform, and that passion later became the genesis of his first film, One Six Right. It took 5 years of persistence to complete the film, which makes this invitation to fly with The Blue Angels a very special experience that came full circle.
457 ::: Life After Prison (2012) ::: Jeff Drake, Keagan Karnes, Jon Foley, Adriana Arreola joined with the Creative Media Institute of NMSU, the Department of Criminal Justice, & NM Corrections Department to create a documentary video about life after incarceration. The documentary includes interviews with the Secretary of Corrections Mr. Gregg Marcantel in Santa Fe and two prisoners from Southern Correctional Facility in Las Cruces, NM; as well as with an inmate that is in Probation in the office of the Adult Probation & Parole Officer Director of Las Cruces, NM. There was a special thanks to Cristina Rodda.
458 ::: Babagwa (2013) ::: A man, Greg, whose going past his heyday as a bodybuilder and facing problems both with his quarreling parents and over-bearing girlfriend turns to conning people for money using a made-up Facebook account as part of an elaborate scheme devised by his manager, Marney. Their operation gets compromised when Greg falls in love with their latest victim, Daisy, an older, single woman. This is a story of deceptive people and how they feed on other people's want for love, sex and money.
459 ::: Yamantaka (2015) ::: Yamantaka. Esoteric and complex, see this candid view of a Tibetan Buddhist highest yoga tantra held at Namgyal Monastery in Dharamsala, India. Monks create an elaborate sand mandala, ritual cakes and other sacred arts, offer prayers, chant, play ritual instruments, and meditate over the course of ten days. On the last day, the sand mandala is swept into a vase and released into the world as a blessing for all.
460 ::: La rivale (2008) ::: Prudence and Maurice have been in love since many years. They are both from Congo and live in Paris. Although Prudence is sterile and old, Maurice loves her. Everything in their lives is going to be put upside down when Maurice's parents decide to force Maurice to mary a girl from his hometown : although respectable, Prudence is not able to give any child to Maurice and this would be a shame to his family. Maurice is then in front of a dilemma : hurt his wife, or hurt his family. When Therese, the young girl, arrives in France, Maurice decides to tell Prudence she is his cousin. He first wants to find her a place and a job and then get rid of her. But one day, Prudence flyes to America to a cook contest, and Therese uses this time while Maurice is vulnerable to seduce him. When Prudence comes back in France, it is already too late : Therese is already pregnant, and Maurice's and Prudence's love broken. "La Rivale" is the first broadcasted feature film from Edouard Carrion.
461 ::: Terra Nova (1998) ::: A disturbed young woman (Jeanette Cronin) runs away from her New Zealand home and hides away in an Australian boarding house, named Terra Nova. There she finds that every one else in the boarding house is just as zany as she is, and on some levels make her seem sane despite the voices in her head and her strange visions.
462 ::: Mud (2012) ::: 14 year-old Ellis (Tye Sheridan) lives on a makeshift houseboat on the banks of a river in Arkansas with his parents, Mary Lee (Sarah Paulson) and Senior (Ray McKinnon). He sneaks out early one morning to meet his best friend, Neckbone (Jacob Lofland). Neckbone, also 14, lives with his uncle, Galen (Michael Shannon), who makes a hardscrabble living diving for oysters. The two boys set out to an island on the Mississippi River, where Neckbone has discovered an unusual sight-a boat, suspended high in the trees, a remnant of an extreme flood some time in the past. They climb the tree and into the boat only to find fresh bread and fresh footprints. Realizing that they are not the only ones who have discovered the treehouse boat, they decide to leave. When they reach the shore, they find the same footprint in their boat. And that's when they meet Mud (Matthew McConaughey). Mud is a gritty, superstitious character; his clothes are dirty, his tooth is cracked, and he needs help. He tells the boys he will give them the treehouse boat, his current hideout, in exchange for food. Neckbone is reluctant, but Ellis brings food to Mud, and they develop a tentative friendship. Ellis learns that Mud has killed a man in Texas, and police and bounty hunters are looking for him, but Mud is more concerned about reuniting with his longtime love, Juniper (Reese Witherspoon). Ellis, who has recently developed his own crush, agrees to help Mud escape with Juniper. Ellis and Neckbone carry out bold schemes in an effort to protect Mud and relay messages to Juniper, who is holed up in a fleabag motel, under constant surveillance by Carver (Paul Sparks), a Texas bounty hunter. Carver and his gang are intent on capturing Mud, on orders from the cold-blooded King (Joe Don Baker). As the boys risk everything to reunite these seeming mythical lovers, Ellis's own ideas about love and romance are challenged by the strains in the relationships closest to him: his parents' marriage is dissolving while he himself falters in his efforts to impress May Pearl (Bonnie Sturdivant). Through it all, Ellis struggles to look for an example of love that he can believe in, learning about the unspoken rules and risks of love and the reality of heartbreak. In Arkansas, 14-year-old Ellis lives in a floating house with his mother Mary Lee and his father Senior. Ellis helps his father selling fish with his best friend Neckbone. Ellis and Neckbone find a motorboat stranded on the top of a tree in an island on the Mississippi River since a flood and they plan to fix the boat for them. One day, they climb the tree and they find fresh meal inside the boat meaning that someone is living in "their" boat. They leave the place and meet a man named Mud near their boat. Soon they learn that the passionate Mud killed a man that had beaten up his girlfriend Juniper and now the father and the brother of the deceased man are hunting him down. Mud makes a deal with the romantic Ellis and Neckbone to help him to reunite with Juniper. But when Ellis meets Mud's stepfather Tom, he has a different opinion about the love of Juniper with Mud.
463 ::: El secreto de Jimena (2009) ::: Jimena is forced to leave her fiancé Hector before her wedding ceremony because her mother is kidnapped. In order to obtain a great amount of money to have her mother released, Jimena is forced to seduce an eccentric and charming millionaire. After an intense odyssey in which Jimena faces danger and the lowest passions, she discovers that nothing is what it seems to be and that the people who are close to her are those who can cause her more damage. As a result of this adventure, Jimena saves her future of a chaotic union and her life finally begins to offer her the opportunity to live and enjoy a pure and intense love.
464 ::: La casa nel tempo (1989) ::: A gang of vicious young punks break into the house of an elderly couple, terrorize, and then murder them. Suddenly, the clocks in the house begin to run backwards, and the dead come back for revenge!
465 ::: När kärleken kom till byn (1950) ::: Birger Broman, a newly graduated teacher comes to a small rural school as a substitute-teacher. While the ordinary teacher, Brunell, is at the hospital, Birger moves in with Brunell's wife, with whom he has a brief love-affair. And the new measures he introduces at the school, gives him enemies among the citizens of the small village, who prefers the traditional teachings and old-fashioned ways of the ordinary teacher.
466 ::: Phoenix (1995/I) ::: A group of space marines, imprisoned for some unmentioned offense, are drafted to suppress an android rebellion on a distant mining moon. When the mission fails to go as planned, the team's leader finds that nothing is quite what it seemed...
467 ::: Singleholic (????) ::: Story of a woman who wakes up on the morning of her 35th birthday and decides she wants to settle down and get married, so she goes on a series of hilarious dating encounters only to realize that the most important thing is for her to be comfortable in her own skin.
468 ::: Zion (2015) ::: Zion is a story of a young man (Martin) who has traveled back to Ethiopia looking for his family roots. Filled with historical settings spanning over fifty years, this movie depicts the beauty of Ethiopia and Ethiopians through nature, culture and reggae music. The Rastafarian movement proclaims Zion as reference to Ethiopia, the original birthplace of humankind, and from the beginning of the movement calls for repatriation to Zion, the Promised Land and Heaven on Earth. Follow Martin's journey as he navigates his way through obstacles to find the true Heaven on Earth.
469 ::: Myth and Magic: Lawrence in 1968-1970 - Civil Rights Black Power (2010) ::: The stage is set with Dr Martin Luther King's speech that all men are created equal...but without the possibility of a job, the pursuit of happiness is out of reach, and he merely exists. Location: Lawrence Kansas, often unheard story site of turmoil during the Vietnam War and civil rights movement. The quaint territorial town surrounding the University of Kansas witnessed the murder of a young man, and the civil unrest that followed during the burning of the student Union of the campus. Professor Emeritus Bill Tuttle,University of Kansas, hosts the public series to discuss the myth and magic that occurred during the 1960's in Lawrence Kansas.
470 ::: Her Man o' War (1926) ::: During World War I, an American soldier is captured and taken prisoner by the Germans. However, instead of being placed in a prisoner-of-war camp, he is assigned to the small farm of a young woman and her son to help raise crops to help feed the German army and people.
471 ::: "Animals Like Us" (2004) ::: Like us, animals are exposed to parasites, bacteria and viruses - the germs which cause disease. How do they survive these attacks ? Recent research and observation have shown that animals use plant and insect substances to treat themselves - not only do they apply things to their skin, they actually treat themselves by feeding on things not normally part of their diets. Capuchin monkeys rub citrus fruit on their fur, caterpillars eat poison hemlock, herbivorous red deer have even been seen chewing the legs off live seabirds. This film takes off around the world to discover how animals use medicine, it questions what notions they have about health and how medical knowledge is passed on from one generation to the next. In doing so, the film also asks what we can learn from animals about medicine.
472 ::: Mad, Bad & Dangerous to Know (????) ::: A conservative government manipulates its way to power. Exploited workers are forbidden to strike. Demonstrators are beaten and arrested. One man, a young writer, risks everything to oppose the tyranny... The year is 1812. The place is London. The man is Byron.
473 ::: Hangeki (2014) ::: A Race of advanced aliens has invaded to take over the sky-ways, and cut all lines of communication. The planet which was once engaged in a world war has pulled together as a last resort for survival. The top weapons companies Crystalix, Infernix, Ranivar, Pulsar, and the underground Pentaverate have bonded under this threat to create the Hangeki, an experimental weapon of untold power. Along with his Captain Elizabeth Keys, skilled but immature pilot Kyle Sanders is chosen to fly one of the last remaining J-fighters equipped with this unpredictable WMA. Keys and Sanders must take orders from the once ever feuding makers of munitions. Richard Sampson the greedy head of Infernix will not make it easy for intellectual Alex Leontiv, the head of pulsar. Ethical arguments ensue as all the heads of cooperation are finally in agreement with using the Hangeki weapon. Main researchers John Cabrera the director of Crystalix and Randivars representative, Professor Keri Yoshida clue into the mystery of its power source. Is it the power source self-aware?
474 ::: Industrial Hemp Testimony (2011) ::: In 1999 North Dakota, Hawaii and Minnesota have passed legislation allowing their farmers to grow industrial hemp. The Kentucky Supreme Court has agreed to hear actor Woody Harrelson's case, which challenges Kentucky law that classifies hemp as marijuana. The Oregon State House Agriculture and Forestry Committee heard house Bill 2933 sponsored by Rep. Floyd Prozanski which would let Oregon farmers grow hemp, a cousin to marijuana that is useless for drug purposes but whose fibers, seeds, and oil have a multitude of industrial uses. Seven of the nine members of the House Agriculture and Forestry Committee including Chairman Larry Wells, R-Jefferson had told Prozanski they were willing to send the bill out for a floor vote. House Speaker Lynn Snodgrass told Wells not to take up the bill again. Wells, agreed that Prozanski probably had the votes to send the bill to the floor. But, he said, he had hearing on the bill, and would not bring it up for a committee vote unless she approved. Lynn Snodgrass, Speaker of the House of Representatives for the state of Oregon did not approve of the bill. Subsequently, it died April 30, 1999, without being put to a vote by the representatives of the state of Oregon.
475 ::: Dear Mr. Barroso (2005) ::: This five minute film, published on the web only, is targeted directly to EU Commission President J.M. Barroso with the objective of informing on the alcohol situation in Europe and the positive effects of the Swedish alcohol retail monopoly. The film consists of segments produced in a wide range of styles, from filmed live action to animated sequences.
476 ::: Dragen (1995) ::: Nine-year-old Niels is alone with his mother in their summer cottage. He prefers to stay on his own in the shed, building a model ship. One day, the cautious boy meets the slightly older, charming Eva, who wants to play "sweethearts" and tempts him to kiss her. But in more than one sense Niels is frightened of the deep water.
477 ::: Vengeance Valley (1951) ::: A cattle baron takes in an orphaned boy and raises him, causing his own son to resent the boy. As they get older the resentment festers into hatred, and eventually the real son frames his stepbrother for fathering an illegitimate child that is actually his, seeing it as an opportunity to get his half-brother out of the way so he can have his father's empire all to himself.
478 ::: Staying Together While Falling Apart (????) ::: Andrew(23), Michael(17), Elizabeth(17), and Reagan(4) Richards have to learn how to live life after their parents die. Andrew is now in charge, the twins are seniors in high school, and Reagan still doesn't understand what is happening. New relationships are formed, fights break out. With all that is going on, will they be able to stay together while falling apart?
479 ::: "Ferluci" (????) ::: FBI occult investigator Ferluci is an expert on all matters of evil, crime and the occult. He should be. If not suffering from short term memory loss, he would remember why he also sometimes known as Lucifer and has certain unusual talents.
480 ::: Healers for All Reasons (2005) ::: Made in the aftermath of sectarian violence between Hindus and Muslims in the Indian state of Gujarat, this is the story of two traditional healers of Gujarat who are Muslim but serve predominantly Hindus. They work in places where there are no vets or doctors. By relying on ecologically friendly methods to heal animals, humans and even plants. They are living embodiment of religious tolerance, respect for biodiversity and altruism.
481 ::: Heroes of an American Town (2006) ::: This film profiles the exploits of the heroes of Tulare, California, including two-time Olympic Gold Medalist Bob Mathias. It also focuses on the B-17 monument "Preston's Pride," which is dedicated to Gen. Maurice Preston, a Tulare native who became a Four-Star General, and to the 379th Bomber Group, who in 1945, won the "Grand Slam Award," for its outstanding achievements in WW2. Many local WW2 Veterans are interviewed, as well as Bob Mathias.
482 ::: Studentin Helene Willfüer (1956) ::: Helene Willfuer is an ambitious student of medicine. She comes to the University of Berlin especially to write her doctoral thesis under Dr. Matthias. In his lab she meets young Dr. Rainer and falls in love with him. She doesn't know that he has an affair with Dr. Matthias' wife, who gave up her promising career as violinist for her husband and feels lonely now. Her jealousy is not to be underestimated.
483 ::: Cinema Novo (2016) ::: Cinema Novo is a movie-essay that investigates poetically the most important movement of Latin America cinema, through the thoughts of its main auteurs: Nelson Pereira dos Santos, Glauber Rocha, Leon Hirszman, Joaquim Pedro de Andrade, Ruy Guerra, Walter Lima Jr., Paulo César Saraceni, among others.
484 ::: The Bait (1973) ::: A rapist/killer is terrorizing the women of Los Angeles. The main connection that all the women have is that they work in the same area. Policewoman Tracey Flemming is chosen to act as bait to catch the rapist and put him behind bars. Can the police catch the rapist before he strikes again? And will Tracey become his next victim?
485 ::: "Straight News" (2000) ::: Veteran journalist Yajima returns to studio work after 6 years as an overseas war zone reporter determined to turn the traditionally passive Japanese news program into an actual investigative journalism show. For his first broadcast, he runs a story that exposes some embarrassing government secrets. His superiors are shocked, but the viewers love it. Rumors begin to swirl, however, and the star reporter admits that there may be deeper story hidden behind his supposed scoop.
486 ::: Elements of Eternity (2009) ::: This film is a meditative work which focuses upon the spiritual and existential perceptions of fire and water. It ponders the emotional, yet absolute dependence of mankind on the elements of nature. Fire and water. The essentials of life. The forces perpetuating eternity. To be is dependent on fire and water - the fire to enable being, the water to sustain being. Sacred are the elements of eternity... the elements of our destiny.
487 ::: Kaptaan (????) ::: The story follows the lifetime of Imran Khan. He won the 1992 Cricket tournament changing into a national hero of Islamic Republic of Pakistan. He engineered a cancer hospital when his mother died of cancer. The flick conjointly portrays however he became the primary Chancellor of University of Bradford to the building of Namal University. His sacred life is represented during this flick from his historic 1992 World-Cup win for Islamic Republic of Pakistan till the current day.
488 ::: Neukölln Unlimited (2010) ::: The 3 siblings Hassan, Lial and Maradona are successfull dancers and musicians. But their family is in danger of being deported out of Germany. The teenagers plan to use their artistic talents to save the family. However the pressure has put a strain on their relationships, and the way to success is long and uncertain.
489 ::: The Masked Dancer (1924) ::: Robert Powell, a New York City husband is fond of going out on the town and making friends with various women here and there, with nightclub dancers high on his list. His wife, Betty, figures that two can play that game, and she dons a mask and becomes a very popular dancer. Robert falls in love with the Masked Dancer, not knowing she is his wife. Betty has a smoothie Prince as a second suitor.
490 ::: 12 in a Box (2007) ::: At a school reunion dinner in a remote country mansion, a dozen people are offered the chance to collect a million pounds each if they can stay on the estate, cut off from the outside world, for 96 hours. With deaths, sexual intrigue, kidnapping, and spiraling levels of farce and confusion, the action barely pauses for breath as it heads towards its "Will they or won't they succeed" climax.
491 ::: Zamuros Way (????) ::: In a small town somewhere in Venezuela drug lord Diaz Ceballos is executed by Enrique, a lone assassin. Ceballos' son, Alfonso, becomes the new lord and orders Enrique's capture "death or alive". While running from Alfonso's men, Enrique meets Lucia, a beautiful Venezuelan woman who has lived her whole life abroad but returns to her native land to reunite with her estranged husband, Bernardo who lives somewhere in the south. Chemistry sparks between Enrique and Lucia and soon a relationship ensues. But the road ahead is full of troubles and soon Lucia would find herself running for her life too. Zamuros Way (Vultures Way) is a road movie where the surprise element will thrill the whole experience making it a cinematic alternative of high octane action.
492 ::: The Black Panther's Cub (1921) ::: The daughter of the former queen of a Paris gambling house impersonates her mother and reopens the establishment when she finds herself in dire need of funds.
493 ::: Il faut qu'on parle... (2011) ::: At 30, Adam's wondering about the meaning of his life and realises that he's always been dissatisfied by his choices. Today, he decides to break up with Fred, his girlfriend for a year a half, and sends her a message saying "We need to talk".
494 ::: Zombie Armageddon: The Ultimate Collection (2015) ::: An evil U.S. government agency unleashes a virus on a small town attempting to perfect a top-secret biological weapon that turns residents into ravenous death walkers so bloodthirsty for human flesh that nothing can stop the carnage. Legion of the Undead: The end of the world is finally here as the streets fill with undead cannibalistic monsters that will gnaw the flesh from your bones without mercy. The Zombie hordes quickly outnumber the survivors as the Zombie Apocalypse takes over the earth. Nazi Zombies: After WWII, a forgotten group of Nazi scientists escaped capture. They were hell bent on creating an army of Zombies that would obliterate the enemy. Now, decades after the war, their work is nearing completion.
495 ::: Gambling Ship (1933) ::: Tired of the dangerous life as gambling boss, Ace Corbin 'retires' from the racket and travels cross-country by train to begin a new life with a new name. On the train, he meets Eleanor and they fall in love. Eleanor is afraid to tell Ace she's a soiled dove and Ace doesn't tell Eleanor of his shady past. Old enemies won't let Ace begin his new life, and old commitments's won't free Eleanor of her sordid ties. Ace's old life and Eleanor's deception collide with the typical results. But love conquers all!
496 ::: Cold (2016/I) ::: Truck drivers Keeta Gregory, and Holly Montero departed at 6am on December 22nd, 2015 with a delivery truck full of pallets of ice, and misc frozen items to be delivered to a variety of locations in 2 different states by 5pm. The last report to dispatch computer reads "Order Completed". Now, 4 days later, the girls were never heard from again. We follow Detective Aly Black through her investigation, as she unravel's the puzzle pieces left behind. One by one , solving a very gruesome and heartbreaking case.
497 ::: Strokes (2008) ::: Since exploding onto the scene The Strokes have given rock music the strangling it so badly needed. Not only have they won the hearts and minds of the music press and alternative crowd but they have also crossed over into the mainstream without sacrificing any of their credibility. In just three years, The Strokes have gone from low-key New York club band to internationally famous major league players. The Strokes 'New York Stories' now tells the complete and unauthorized story behind the band for the first time.
498 ::: Jackie Evancho: Awakening - Live in Concert (2014) ::: Filmed for a television special, Awakening, Live in Concert is a new concert film from angelic Jackie Evancho featuring songs from her latest album, Awakening. With music drawn from the best-known pieces from the classical canon, Broadway, uplifting sacred music and pop songs, Jackie's astoundingly beautiful voice soars at the magnificent Longwood Gardens Open Air Theatre. Longwood Gardens is over 1,000 acres of gardens, woodlands and meadows in Pennsylvania's Brandywine Creek Valley, Jackie's home state. In addition to her on-stage performance, Jackie performs at various stunning locations throughout the Garden such as the Chimes Tower and the spectacular Main Fountain. Jackie is joined by Cheyenne Jackson who hosts and performs with Jackie. Cheyenne, star of Broadway, film and television is best known for his starring award-winning Broadway performance in Finian's Rainbow, his recurring role in 30 Rock, and his starring role in Liberace, Behind the Candelabra. The two also show us some of the splendid beauty of the Garden as they tour some gorgeous key locations within it.
499 ::: Hollywood & Wine (2011) ::: Diane Blaine has the face of a movie star. Unfortunately, fallen star/tabloid queen Jamie Stephens already made it famous. Hollywoods constant rejection due to what Diane refers to as "TJS" ("Too Jamie Stephens") has made her bitter, frustrated....and, yes, whiny. Co-worker/boyfriend Jack Sanders doesn't help matters. His idea of ambition is letting it ride. Now he's in major debt to a trigger-happy mobster who, interestingly enough, has a thing for Jamie Stephens. Jack's only way out? Convince Diane to be Jamie and wipe out the debt having one meal with a made man. It's literally the performance of her life. With Jack's on the line.
500 ::: Inside Fight Scene with Jim Ford (2017) ::: Jim Ford talks about his short film, "Fight Scene", and how getting creative with your film festival submissions will get you noticed. "Fight Scene" won 3 awards and was selected in over 30 film festivals all over the world; starring Ed Gutierrez, Erik Johnson, Marc Guild and Jim Ford. Shot, Cut and Produced by Ryan Convery.
501 ::: Tsirkuselaps (2010) ::: As a five-year-old prodigy, he became a circus attraction. At the age of eight, the young virtuoso entertained Tsar Nicholas II and his court. By the age 17, he was an eagerly anticipated performer on the best stages of Europe. A year later, he conquered America as a xylophone virtuoso. He has been referred to as the world's best jazz imitator. He was a tap-dancer and superb violinist. audiences in Soviet Russia gave him standing ovations, in Soviet Georgia, he was object of mass adulation. His stage career lasted for 80 years.
502 ::: El cultivo de la flor invisible (2012) ::: An everyday portrait of a group of people who suffer forced disappearance in Uruguay. The documentary follows this group exploring the reality through their eyes and their struggle against oblivion. "The Cultivation of the invisible flower" is an everyday portrait of a group of people who suffers the forced disappearance in Uruguay. The documentary follow this group exploring the reality through their eyes and their struggle against oblivion.
503 ::: Vanishing Act (1986) ::: In the Rocky Mountains, Harry Kenyon seeks out his missing wife Chris in the Winter Parade. Harry meets Lieutenant Rudameyer and tells that him he is from San Francisco and has just married Chris, from Philadelphia, in Las Vegas. They traveled to the Rockies on honeymoon and they had an argument the previous day, and Chris left their isolated cabin in her car. Harry also says that he is worried about her disappearance since she is not a good driver. Harry returns to his cabin and receives a phone call from the local priest, Father Macklin, who summons him to go to the church. Father Macklin tells says Chris is in the church waiting for him. When Harry sees Chris, he tells that she is not his wife; but the woman knows details of their lives and Harry is discredited by the evidences. Is a stranger impersonating Chris or is Harry delusional? Based on the play "Trap for a Single Man" by Robert Thomas, this is the story of a newly married woman who disappears while on holiday. The wife returns but the husband denies it is his wife. The police inspector tries to discover what has happened.
504 ::: Long Shan Si zhi lian (1962) ::: Xiaofeng is selling medicinal herbs in Longshan Temple, but is at first driven away by Taiwanese peddlers upset by the intrusion of a mainlander into their business. Later, Xiaofeng auditions for a radio station, where a young Taiwanese man is attracted to her and finds he is soon in competition with a photographer from a mainland family.
505 ::: Eating Royally, Recipes & Remembrances of a Palace Kitchen (2008) ::: A two-hour culinary celebration of The Royal Chef Darren McGrady's eleven years in the service of Queen Elizabeth II and later as private chef to Princess Diana. With his mastery in the kitchen, Darren takes us on an engaging journey, layered with charming personal memories that bring his favorite recipes from the palace kitchens to yours.
506 ::: The Heart of a Knight (????) ::: A young knight embarks on a quest to understand the relationship between Knights and their Ladies, and how to become a great Knight of the Round Table. Based on the novel "The Acts of King Arthur and His Noble Knights," John Steinbeck's witty and passionate retelling of Sir Thomas Malory's enduring 15th Century literary classic, "Le Morte d'Arthur."
507 ::: "Pauly" (1997) ::: Pauly Sherman, son of wealthy businessman Edward Sherman, is a freeloader going nowhere. One day, his dad brings home Dawn Delaney, a sexy blonde that looks just a few years older than Pauly. Pauly's main mission is to ruin the relationship between Dawn and his father, but he is usually unsuccessful.
508 ::: Don't Look at Me (I'm Ugly in the Morning) (2008) ::: "Don't Look At Me (I'm Ugly In The Morning)" follows the lives of three estranged adult siblings, grudgingly reunited after their father's sudden death. When the issue of their inheritance comes to the fore and outside influences compete for the sizeable assets, their turbulent past must be examined with renewed relevance. The three play a dangerous game of deception that will destroy lives and test the bonds of blood.
509 ::: Return of the Boogeyman (1994) ::: Poor Annie every time she falls asleep, her dreams are haunted by visions of a faceless man committing unspeakable crimes. Just like a kid afraid of the dark, the Boogeyman has made her afraid to close her eyes. Annie soon realizes her hideous dreams are predictions. If she can harness this terrifying power, perhaps she can prevent the bloody slaughter she forsees, and track down the Boogeyman before his body count climbs any higher. Their actions are very brave, but are Annie and her friends the hunters... or the hunted?
510 ::: The Naked Eye (2011) ::: A woman's obsession with her dead husband leads her on a journey of discovery, and through the lives of three distinct men, which reveals not only that her husband is living, but that the sting of his absence was infinitely more fascinating to the woman than the man himself.
511 ::: Living Water (2015) ::: "I WHO SPEAK TO YOU AM HE." With these words, Jesus reveals himself as the Christ. Not in a sermon to a large crowd; not (yet) to a court in Jerusalem; not to friends around a dinner table. Rather, it is to an outcast Samaritan woman, out by herself to draw water to take back to her home in the village. She little realizes that this day she will have a conversation that will change her life, and the lives of millions, forever! In music and drama we take a look into this remarkable story...A story of understanding, grace, and the nature of Jesus, the savior of the world.
512 ::: Plani di giardini ideali (2008) ::: Vratislav Brabenec, a poet, musician, and gardener is the centre stage of a baroque western, an all embracing documentary film depicting a play while the play becomes a documentary: there are no limits to the human creativity, and thus it is possible for speculations about plans for a garden and misty poeticism about the train of love to stand at the same level with a theatre performance, which makes the film a blend of sensuality and metaphysical anxiety, thirst for life and the demonia of death and doom.
513 ::: 7 dney s russkoy krasavitsey (1991) ::: 7 Days with a Russian Beauty is the highest budget Russian movie produced in 1991. This comedy was shot in Moscow, St. Petersburg, Bukhara, and Odessa two months before the government was overturned and Yeltsin became the new president of Russia after Gorbachev. A parody storyline, the best comedy actors, head breaking stunts, and a hilarious ending make this film a Russian comedy classic!
514 ::: Le faux pas (1965) ::: During a walk along the cliffs not far from Marseille, Elisa Langerot sees her husband slip and fall to his death. Inexplicably, Elisa flees the scene of the accident, stops a passing driver and tells him a made-up story about a stolen car, concealing her husband's death. Feeling sorry for the girl, the driver, Philippe Morçot, gives her a lift and later lets her stay at his house. The good deed, however, doesn't go unpunished, and soon Philippe is drawn into Elisa's twilight world of fantasies, lies and paranoia.
515 ::: Bus (2004) ::: Karina gets on the bus as usual to go to work. After a couple of unpleasant experiences Karina decides that today she does not want to get off the bus. In the bus she meets the pensioner Else, who decides to join Karina, and will not get off the bus either. Their quiet protest against the daily routine starts a journey on the road of friendship.
516 ::: Down Rio Grande Way (1942) ::: Congress is about to decide if Texas will become a state. The Colonel and the Judge want to keep Texas independent and have Vandall and his gang causing unrest among the ranchers. The Rangers send Steve Martin. He finds the ranchers want to go after Vandall but Steve realizes Vandall must have a boss and that's the man he wants.
517 ::: Andrew Marr on Churchill: Blood, Sweat and Oil Paint (2015) ::: Andrew Marr discovers the untold story of Winston Churchill's lifelong love for painting and reveals the surprising ways in which his private hobby helped shape his public career as politician and statesman, even playing an unexpected part in his role as wartime leader. Marr is himself a committed amateur painter and art has played an important role in his recovery from a serious stroke in 2013. His fascination with the healing powers of art fuels a journey that opens a new perspective on one of Britain's most famous men. Andrew travels to the south of France and Marrakech, where Churchill loved to paint, and discovers how his serious approach to the craft of painting led to friendships with major British artists of the 20th century. He finds out how a single painting in the 1940s may have influenced the course of the Second World War, and meets Churchill's descendants to discover what his family felt about a private hobby that helped keep him sane through his wilderness years. And he discovers how, 50 years after Churchill's death, his art is being taken more seriously than ever before, with one painting being sold for almost Ł2 million in 2014.
518 ::: "Medium Rare" (2010) ::: Set on the dark side of Hollywood, B-Movie maven Harry Costas (Burt Young) is forced to protect the screen legacy of his wife Helga (Lainie Kazan) when a low-life upstart producer threatens to ruin her image. Harry's goons (Alex Winter + Brad Dourif) intend to screw-up the production, but instead they skewer the stars, which brings in some bungling cops (Al Ruscio and the late Dr. Timothy Leary).
519 ::: Ogen - blikken in Brussel (1989) ::: Made in 1989, and part of a larger project by Hugo Weckx, minister of Brussels Affairs, 'Ogen - blikken in Brussel' presents the ancient city center of Brussels. With some humor they tell about the most important monuments, like Manneke Pis, the Kunstberg,... During their visits, as to the St. Michael Cathedral for example, experts give a more precise explanation.
520 ::: Absent (2018) ::: ABSENT is a Family Drama inspired by a true story, that is set in London about Angel Washington who comes from a single parent Caribbean family. She has a six year old son and lives a modest life as a successful Accountant. Recently separated from her son's father, who suddenly relinquishes his parental responsibilities and financial commitments to their livelihood, she is left to get to grips with routines as a single parent - which leads to her being fired from her job. Marcus Hamilton is a handsome Stockbroker who feels bi\er about the breakup and refuses to communicate with Angel or see their son. He quickly moves on with his city life of fast girls, cars and drugs. Angel who is desperate not to have her son be part of the statistics fails to get hold of Marcus which leaves her in an angry rage and after months of no contact and him forgetting their son's birthday, she takes matters into her own hands. Unfortunately this does not bode down well for Angel who is thus left with a court order to stay away from Marcus and a possible criminal charge. Things go from bad to worse before they get better. In the midst of Angel's strife she is constantly pressured by her mother and sister to make amends with her sick father, the man she seeks to never forgive for abandoning her twenty-five years ago. When her father passes away she embarks on a path of forgiveness and overcomes adversity. This heartfelt Family Drama is set to highlight domestic issues and the long lasting psychological effects surrounding the cycle of absent and single parenting in the black community.
521 ::: The Outlaw Deputy (1935) ::: Ex-outlaw Tim Mallory is looking for the killer of his friend Chuck. Having thwarted a robbery attempt by one of his old gang members he is made a Deputy. He finds Houger who he believes is the killer and starts cleaning up his town. When an old gang member arrives and exposes him, he is arrested. But before being taken to jail, he sees Houger is wearing Chuck's watch. Tim Malloy (Tim McCoy) turned outlaw to right a great wrong. After that purpose has been attained, another task awaits him---the avenging of the murder of his young friend Chuck Adams (George Offerman, Jr. billed as he always was.) The trail leads Tim to Goldland which is ruled by gamblers and bandits and has a useless sheriff. Mine owner Rutledge (Joseph Girard) has Tim appointed a deputy to enforce the law. Tim defies Howger (Hooper Atchley), boss of Goldland, at the saloon headquarters of the gang, and his gun barks death to the henchmen sent to get him. Joyce Rutledge (Nora Lane) is fascinated, but fears Tim, whom she thinks is too ruthless in his methods. Her opinion changes when she sees him, outnumbered, disperse Howger's henchmen, when they disrupt a church service. Cash (Bud Osborne), an old enemy, who is aware of Tim's outlaw past, reveals it to Howager. Tim admits the truth to Howager's accusations and is jailed. Joyce goes to the jail at night and frees him. In the final reckoning, Tim shoots down Howger, whom he identifies as the killer of Chuck as he is carrying Chuck's watch which was taken off his body. Mission accomplished, Tim is about to ride away...maybe.
522 ::: Mu Ma Ren (1982) ::: This movie is adapted from the novel Heroes in Tongbai. Xiao Hua, a sister of Zhao Yongsheng, is deserted by her poor family. He Xiangdong, a woodworker, adopts her and rename her He Cuigu. To steer clear of arrest by the enemy, Dong Hongguo, offspring of a revolutionary family, is renamed Xiao Hua so as to be adopted by her adopter. Later, Zhao Yongsheng's parents are killed by the enemy.
523 ::: "Under InspeKtion" (2015) ::: A lonely accountant in a Kafka-inspired New York suddenly learns that he is under arrest, but has no idea what crime he could possibly be suspected of. To get the information he needs to clear his name, he will have to navigate an increasingly convoluted obstacle course of bureaucratic regulations and eccentric individuals that threatens to swallow up not only his own life, but the lives of everyone around him.
524 ::: Worth (????) ::: The story of Grant Worth, Motor City's most iconic hero, whose extraordinary ability to control machines becomes obsolete in the face of society's progress, as he is forced to find out what happens to a superhero who can no longer be super.
525 ::: Motika Graveyard (2012) ::: A group of young aboriginal boys explore a local rubbish dump in the Australian outback. They come across a group of abandoned cars and climb into one. After some dispute about who is driving they decide to use magic to bring the car to life.
526 ::: Bunker Palace Hôtel (1989) ::: In an imaginary dictature of a futuristic world, rebellion has broken out. The men in power scramble to the Bunker Palace Hotel, a bunker built long ago for just this kind of contingency. But a rebel spy sneaks in, and although her nature is very quickly suspected, she is left to observe the raving of the decadent power class, who keeps wondering what happened to their leader, who has failed to show up.
527 ::: Unsichtbare Gegner (1977) ::: Anna, an artist, is obsessed with the invasion of alien doubles bent on total destruction. Her schizophrenia is reflected in the juxtapositions of long movie camera takes with violently edited montages: private with public spaces; black & white with colour, still photographs with video, earsplitting sounds with disruptive camera angles. Anna uses her body like a map; after a devastating quarrel with her lover, she paints red stitches on herself. Watching their scenes together, we realize how seldom, if ever before, the details of sexual intimacy have been shown in film from the point of view from a woman. Export privileges rupture over unity and never settles for one-dimensional solutions (Artforum, Nov. 1980)
528 ::: Strahil voyvoda (1938) ::: In the late 18 century, Bulgaria is under Ottoman rule. Strahil is the leader of a rebel band. Mehmed Bay's men abduct Ivana and lock her in his house. The girl's mother goes to Strahil. Strahil's rebels free Ivana and take Mehmed's son hostage. The girl spends several days at the mountain. Strahil and Ivana fall in love. Mehmed Bay promises that if his son returns, he will forgive Strahil all his sins and will allow him to come back to the village. After hesitating for a while, the rebel comes down from the mountains and starts a peaceful life. Strahil and Ivana marry but there is talk in the village that the leader has betrayed his comrades. The Turks take advantage of Strahil's return to plunder the population. The people rise in revolt. The Turkish bullet wounds Ivana mortally. Dying in Strahil's arms, she begs him to rejoin his band of rebels.
529 ::: Fahrtwind - Aufzeichnungen einer Reisenden (2013) ::: Does contemporary cinema still have the magic inherent in it that it did in its early days - to simply show what is out there in the world? To show what people in other regions look like, how they live, how they work and how they turn to the camera and smile at us.
530 ::: The Pittsburgh Decade: 0seven-2-7teen (2018) ::: In the ten years following 2007 some of the events that took place in the moderately sized city of Pittsburgh, PA: The 2009 G20 Pittsburgh Summit was the third meeting of the G20 heads of state/heads of government. The Pittsburgh Steelers won Super Bowl XLIII in 2009. The Pittsburgh Penguins win three Stanley Cups- 2009, 2016 and 2017. Pittsburgh shot several major motion pictures, including The Dark Knight Rises (2012) [which grossed over a billion dollars] and movies featuring Tom Cruise, Denzel Washington, Viola Davis, Kristen Stewart, Jesse Eisenberg, Jake Gyllenhaal, Matt Damon, Christian Bale, Casey Affleck, Channing Tatum, Vin Diesel and Will Smith. Once you factor in Pittsburgh's own Wiz Khalifa and add Uber to the already thriving Pittsburgh tech scene [CMU and Google] it makes for ten pretty good years.
531 ::: "Workspace" (2015) ::: Workspace is sitcom about three 'creative's' sharing a warehouse. As Vaughan, Eddie and Bob try to get businesses ventures off the ground, dealing with the mundanity of running a business, boredom fuelled paranoia and the petty politics. Their escapades are chaotic, neurotic and alcohol fuelled.
532 ::: Back in the Saddle: Face Off with the Flood (2013) ::: Back in the Saddle: Face Off with the Flood is a dramatic one hour documentary, telling the behind-the-scenes story of the Calgary Flames efforts to get their home back in time for the season opener after the catastrophic 2013 Calgary flood.
533 ::: Enzo Cucchi (2007) ::: Considered the most visionary among the Transavanguardia artists, by the 1980s Enzo Cucchi had become an internationally renowned artist. He moved to Rome in the 1970s and momentarily abandoned poetry, dedicating himself almost exclusively to the visual arts. The film on Enzo Cucchi is the result of seven years of observation.
534 ::: The Call of Her People (1917) ::: Faro Black, the chief of the Gypsies, finds out that his son Faro and his girlfriend Egypt have gotten married. Infuriated, he tells that their marriage isn't valid, since Egypt is actually the daughter of wealthy Gordon Lindsay, who is on his way to the gypsy camp to claim her. The two promise to remain faithful to each other, but as time passes and she never hears from Faro, her love turns to bitterness. What she doesn't know, however, is that Faro is being held prisoner by his father who, on his death bed, tells Faro a secret that changes everything.
535 ::: Zhi fei ji (2001) ::: A group of young people got away from their hometowns to Beijing to fulfill their dreams, in Beijing they lived together and played Rock and Roll. Life made them confused, and they tried to escape from the reality more than ever, eventually they were addicted to drugs. After that their lives became more and more chaotic, they would learn the lesson from the unsettled lives.
536 ::: Adrenaline (????/III) ::: After an honorable discharge from the Marines, Danny returns to his rural hometown to start a peaceful life. His childhood friend Sarah also just returned home, but from a particular unknown lifestyle. Little does Danny know that his return has been highly anticipated.
537 ::: Human Flow (2017) ::: Over 65 million people around the world have been forced from their homes to escape famine, climate change and war in the greatest human displacement since World War II. Human Flow, an epic film journey led by the internationally renowned artist Ai Weiwei, gives a powerful visual expression to this massive human migration. The documentary elucidates both the staggering scale of the refugee crisis and its profoundly personal human impact. Captured over the course of an eventful year in 23 countries, the film follows a chain of urgent human stories that stretches across the globe in countries including Afghanistan, Bangladesh, France, Greece, Germany, Iraq, Israel, Italy, Kenya, Mexico, and Turkey. Human Flow is a witness to its subjects and their desperate search for safety, shelter and justice: from teeming refugee camps to perilous ocean crossings to barbed-wire borders; from dislocation and disillusionment to courage, endurance and adaptation; from the haunting lure of lives left behind to the unknown potential of the future. Human Flow comes at a crucial time when tolerance, compassion and trust are needed more than ever. This visceral work of cinema is a testament to the unassailable human spirit and poses one of the questions that will define this century: Will our global society emerge from fear, isolation, and self-interest and choose a path of openness, freedom, and respect for humanity?
538 ::: Las lentejas y el Destino (2017) ::: Five brothers first opened the bar "Onis" in 1976 after migrating to Madrid in the early 1970's from a village in the North of Spain. The possibility of making money brought them into the hospitality business in the big city. Since the opening of the "Onis" forty years ago, they have worked together almost every single day.
539 ::: Le reflet (2011) ::: It's a hot summer in the French countryside. While his parents go on holiday, Louis prefers to stay at home to revise for his university entrance exams. Studious and conscientious, the young man's only pastime is cycling around the country lanes. One day, as he cycles past a field of flowers, he comes across Alexis and is immediately charmed by this young farmer at one with nature. But the reaction of Alexis's girlfriend, Irene is underestimated. She doesn't take lightly the intrusion into their lives of this foreign manipulator..
540 ::: The Reference Section (1980) ::: This groundbreaking educational film was widely praised for its use of special effects. Followed the adventure of a young boy (Chong) desperately trying to finish a school project in the Library, while being harassed by a gang of bullies lead by Billy (Aylesworth). In an attempt to evade his tormentors, the boy hides in the libraries reference section, when all of the books 'come alive' and begin to speak. Led by a talking Encyclopedia, the boy is taught how to research and complete his book report. In the end, the bullies are locked in the reference room and subsequently attacked by the books!
541 ::: Rebellerna (2005) ::: In 1968 formed a hundred people Maoist secret cells, an underground Maoist nucleus, in Uppsala and Stockholm. Here they began to train to lead Sweden into the culture evolution. They called themselves rebels and belonged to the radical left's innermost core. No revolution ever happened, but the rebels still managed to shake up both themselves and the entire left movement to a degree that history repressed their existence for almost forty years.
542 ::: Pyar Ho Gaya (1986) ::: Vishal Saxena and some of his buddies travel to a hilly resort for rest and recreation. While traveling by bus, he meets wealthy and spoiled Sapna Rai, and after a few misunderstandings, both fall in love with each other. Both promise to meet later, and marry each other. Vishal, who lives a poor lifestyle, with his seamstress mother, studies, graduates, and gets a good job, and is soon promoted by his boss. He gets in touch with Sapna, and she invites him to her birthday party. When he arrives there, he finds out that Sapna is really the daughter of his boss, who will never let a mere employee become his son-in-law - under any circumstances.
543 ::: Blank City (2010) ::: Today, Manhattan is a byword for overpriced property, overexposed landmarks and overdressed fashionistas. In the late 70s, however, it was rat-infested, crime-crippled, cheap and nasty - somewhere for America to dump its immigrants, poor people and artists. Music, art, fashion and filmmaking burgeoned, fueled by drugs, dares, fads, feuds, and a fair helping of madness.
544 ::: Country Cuzzins (1970) ::: Sadly, Grandma Peabody is about to breathe her last so after a brief meeting on the porch, the family's patriarch uncle Fester decides to have a grand reunion to assemble each and every one from the Peabody clan, including that snobby, well-off urbanite, cousin Prudence. Sooner or later, cousin Pru will learn first hand that everything looks better after a swig or two of the dynamic Peabody moonshine, a magic potion that will inevitably loosen her up enough to win the demanding chicken-chasing competition with a goat as a prize. As a result, cousin Prudence mellow from victory and the hooch, will wholeheartedly invite the family to come visit her in her mansion in Los Angeles, California, however, the true fun really begins when the merry family from the mountains, accepting Pru's invitation, will gather together and along with the piglet and the goat will unexpectedly pay a visit to their suburban relative. Some "look and touch" anyone? A young woman living in L.A. goes back to her family's homestead way up in the mountains for a family reunion. At first put off by her relatives' hillbilly ways, she soon decides to let her hair down and join in the fun. Before she leaves she invites them all to stop by her place in Los Angeles if they're ever in the area. They soon are, and they do.
545 ::: "Your Number's Up" (1985) ::: Bizarre, short-lived oddity in which contestants spun numbers to try to match the last four digits of the phone number of a studio audience member. Home viewers could win as well if their seven digit phone number appeared in the string of numbers drawn during the day. A car could be won at any point during the main game if the car symbol was spun.
546 ::: The Retreat (????) ::: Inspired by the events which took place in the summer of 1816 at Villa Diodati, Geneva a group of female horror writers try to emulate their heroine, Mary Shelley by staying through the winter at a lodge on an uninhabited remote island to write a horror story. The only contact with the outside world is through the caretaker and his wife who live the other side of the island, and a local fisherman who lives on the mainland who delivers supplies to the island every week. Just like Lord Byron, Susan the leader of the group sets each writer a challenge, to develop their own classic horror story. The intention of the group is to write their story during the long winter nights at the isolated lodge. They each take turns in reading aloud a story from the book Fantasmagoriana in order to get their creative juices flowing, as did Bryon 200 years before. A few weeks into their stay the caretaker resurrects a long dead, supernatural entity by accidentally disturbing its grave whilst digging footings for a shed. The women are then thrown into their own real life horror story and have to fight for their survival.
547 ::: Luton (2013) ::: Although they seem to have no relations, the lives of a young trainee lawyer in her thirties, a wealthy high school boy trapped within the manners and etiquette of his social class, and a man who owns a convenience store, have a deeply visceral connection, that leads to a chaotic and violent ending, that mirror Greece's years of turbulence in the 2010s.
548 ::: Nevers (2013) ::: Justin & Almina leave Paris and the threat of an expulsion. They hitch-hike to Nevers, where an uncle lives. The cars do not stop. Their journey, on foot, along roads and fields, takes them to edge zones. As they wander, the slowly realize how far away they now stand from each other, their love and desire now gone.
549 ::: A Girl of the Limberlost (1934) ::: Elnora Comstock is the badly abused daughter of Katherine Comstock, who blames her because her father was drowned while on the way home the night she was born. She finds her comfort with Margaret and Westley Sinton, a childless neighboring couple, who help her with her school costs, as does the wealthy Mrs. Parker, who takes an interest in the talented young girl. She meets and falls in love with Phillip Ammon, the nephew of Dr. Ammon, but learns that he is already engaged. The money that Elnora has saved for her college education is stolen, and when Mrs. Comstock goes to retrieve it from a suspect, she also learns of the duplicity of her husband, who had been courting a neighboring woman on the night he drowned. She begs forgiveness of Elnora, and the romance of Elnora and Phillip also begins to flourish.
550 ::: Megillah (2012) ::: Emily leaves her job searching for something new, Sandy wants to take a little break before performing, Nick chats on the phone on his lunch break, Matt plays his songs on the street... "Megillah" is a never-ending story based on one and only constant - change. Every mise-en-scčne describes the unique passing moment, which in the end appears to be the moment we live in.
551 ::: Riding on a Sunbeam (2016) ::: Riding on a Sunbeam: Journeys through Space, Time, Life and Love is a special and exciting travel film that follows Mauktik Kulkarni (an Engineer turned Neuroscience student turned Zen traveler) and Sammy Jo (a Berkeley undergrad taking a gap semester), in an unconventional touristy way. Playfully, abundantly and on occasions, acutely, they explore the contradictions of our Indian society with interesting perspectives, exploring economically developed places alongside backward regions, staunchly nationalistic mind sets side by side with the insurgency prone pockets and the socially conservative elements that co-exist with countless liberal lifestyles, all within the same India. Through smaller stories experienced throughout with the eyes of the two protagonists, Mauktik, who now turns to his own country after a 36-country trip, and Sammy, who has never seen India before. The film creates a mosaic of India that is at once exhilarating, reflective, enchanting and laughable, in a way that has rarely been seen before. No matter what you say about India, the exact opposite is also true. This film captures the contradictions of India in a month-long backpacking trip across three dimensions: social norms, economic development, and a sense of national unity.
552 ::: "The Upside of Down" (2013) ::: What happens when everything you thought you wanted blows up in your face, and you're stuck sleeping on a cardboard bed in a house full of idiots. Or maybe it's about a razzle dazzle street gang with no street cred, trying to find love in this crazy mixed up world...you decide. Ryan thought he had it all: a good job, a nice house, a sexy girlfriend. But when all of those things blow up in his face and he is forced to move in with his wacky brother Matt, Ryan learns that having it all means nothing, if it doesn't make you happy. Ryan's journey to accept this however is a long one, because as soon as Ryan arrives at his brother's apartment he realizes what a completely different life Matt is living: no job, a messy apartment with no running water, and a wacky crew of neighbors and roommates who's idea of what is an important use of time challenges everything Ryan thought about himself and the world. But maybe you can just blow off a whole day and turn everything into a game. And maybe there is love waiting for Ryan amidst the chaos. Either way, this is the story of all the upsides to your life being turned upside down.
553 ::: Subramanyam for Sale (2015) ::: Seetha (Regina Cassandra) runs away from her home and lands up in America to marry her boyfriend Abhi. Unfortunately she was dumped by her boyfriend. Then Subramanyam (Sai Dharam Tej) gives her hope and courage. They pose as a married couple and win $25000 from NRI Rajashekar (Nagababu). Later Seetha ' s sister marriage is fixed. She was very afraid to tell truth to their family. Subramanyam also comes with her. Later Govind 's men chase them but Subramanyam warns them. After going to Seetha 's home they realise that the wedding was fixed with the son of NRI Rajashekar. The rest of the story is who is Govind? And how Subramanyam manages the situation is shown in a comical and hilarious way
554 ::: The Question (2006/II) ::: Inside the mind of a writer there are many doors, which lead to different rooms, all filled with experiences and reflections upon which the writer draws while creating his or her characters. The Question, directed by Diana Fodor, explores the relationship between the writer and the fictional character as seen through the eyes of an aspiring writer, played by Jennifer Davis, who is fascinated by unconventional sexual practices. Smart and reflective, The Question will leave you trying to find the answer.
555 ::: Sartana nella valle degli avvoltoi (1970) ::: Smooth and lethal gunfighter Lee Calloway helps three bandit brothers escape from jail under the condition that they give him fifty percent of the stolen gold they have hidden. Of course, the treacherous sibling trio don't plan on keeping their end of the deal.
556 ::: "India - Extreme Pilgrimage" (2011) ::: "India - Extreme Pilgrimage" takes you on a tour around India visiting Maha Kumbh Mela in Haridwar, holy cities and centres of pilgrimage, remote monasteries and natural wonders of India. Directly it puts you in touch with Indian culture, people, lifestyle and traditions. From Himalayan peaks to slums of Mumbai you join our host Marija on this mind blowing adventure.
557 ::: Oasis lyubvi (2012) ::: Svetlana is a single mother living with her student daughter Lera. The girl's father left the family before she was born. But now Svetlana is happy: after all years of loneliness her colleague and boyfriend has finally proposed. Lera is not thrilled to have a step father - she needs a real one. After a little "internet investigation", the girl finds out that her father lives in Kazakhstan. So she borrows her mother's wedding money and soon finds herself in Alma-Ata, on the doorstep of a wealthy gentleman named Amir. He has no idea who she was. However, he invites her, and a few days spent in the East, seem to be a fairy tale: a rich house, several generations of the big happy family, a passionate, handsome young man - so different from Vanya, Lera's admirer... All this look like a new wonderful life ... But is everything so cloudless? What happened many years ago? Will Lera, Svetlana and Amir ever live as a family, rebuilding the union?...
558 ::: Con (2017) ::: Con Keogh, a successful film-maker and actor, has just completed treatment for alcohol abuse at a secret rehab. He has agreed to take part in a documentary directed by his first cousin about meeting his estranged Father after 25 years. But with emotions running high the documentary takes a few twists and turns.
559 ::: American Shaolin (1991) ::: After being humiliated in the ring by a dirty kickboxer who pulled down his shorts and then hit him, a martial arts master decides to travel to China and enter a monastery where he may learn the Shaolin form of fighting. The film then veers into "Karate Kid" territory where the novice humiliates himself at every turn, is tolerated as a foreigner, and still comes out a champion. The monastery teaches non-violence, but everyone knows that sooner or later the student will catch up with the bad guy.
560 ::: Remembering Nigel (2015) ::: A group of people get together to remember a man they once knew named Nigel. Unfortunately everyone's opinion of this man is so vastly different you soon realize nobody knew him at all. In a series of flashback scenes, some funny, some sad, we piece together a man's journey to find the humanity in himself, and in those who loved and despised him. A funny, sad and finally triumphant life that makes us realize that there's a little Nigel in us all. Some people can never be forgotten, no matter how hard you try.
561 ::: Concorde's Last Flight (2010) ::: This is a film about the rise and fall of the world's first supersonic passenger jet - Concorde. From the moment that it hit the skies in 1969, Concorde was instantly iconic. Considered the thoroughbred of aircraft, it flew the rich and famous across the Atlantic in just 3 hours and forty-five minutes - with an impeccable safety record. Until, on July 25th 2000, a freak chain of events just outside Paris caused a catastrophic accident: Concorde's first fatality in 27 years of service killed 115 people and those devastating 120 seconds of flight marked the end of the supersonic era.
562 ::: Passionate Two-Face (????) ::: Lost and confused over the loss of his only love Heidi, Austin meets a very special make-up artist by chance and becomes the most good-looking guy of the day. The catch is, he has to give the artist every right to his life including his face. Austin's face attracts everyone's attention, but his mind is set on nothing but getting back Heidi.
563 ::: Woezel & Pip Op zoek naar de Sloddervos! (2016) ::: Wise Fern's birthday is just around the corner and everyone in the Magic Garden is getting ready for a big surprise party. Woozle & Pip have the important job of hiding Wise Fern's birthday present until the big day arrives and Aunty Pear Tree announces that a very special guest is coming to stay: their love-able little cousin Charlie. But Woozle & Pip soon discover that Wise Fern's present has vanished! And lots of other things have gone missing too! Who is behind it all? Wise Fern knows the answer but it's not an answer the little friends want to hear! In this thrilling adventure, Woozle & Pip, Neighbour Cat, Little Mole, Butterfly and Charlie go in search of the mysterious culprit... 'Woozle & Pip. The Movie!' is a film about friendship, bursting with colour, emotion and excitement.
564 ::: WCW Greed (2001) ::: WCW Title: Scott Steiner vs. Dallas Page, WCW U.S. Title: Rick Steiner vs. Booker T., WCW Tag Team Titles: Chuck Palumbo & Sean O'Haire vs. Totally Buff, WCW Cruiserweight Title: Chavo Guerrero Jr. vs. Shane Helms, WCW Cruiserweight Tag Team Titles: Rey Myterio Jr. & Billy Kidman vs. Elix Skipper & Kid Romeo, Dusty & Dustin Rhodes vs. Ric Flair & Jeff Jarrett, The Cat vs. Positively Kanyon, Team Canada vs. Hugh Morrus & Konnan, Jason Jett vs. Kwee Wee, Shawn Stasiak vs. Bam Bam Bigelow
565 ::: Levi's: Restaurant (1994) ::: Fincher's next Levi's spot, "THE RESTAURANT", riffs off the climactic scene of Mike Nichols' THE GRADUATE (1967) with a young man pounding at a glass window to get the attention of his love interest, who is currently out with another male suitor.
566 ::: Photography Gave Me Cancer (and other stories I tell myself) (2016) ::: What happens after a cancer diagnosis? After earning my graduate degree, I thought the hard part was over. But, an unlikely cancer diagnosis and subsequent treatment propel me to reconsider my uterus, hysteria and the cultural weight of cancer. I discover that the overwhelming need to find a cause is a dead-end road in the search for meaning. But, there is plenty of space for cultural critique.
567 ::: Ri-teun (2008) ::: An actor awakens with his organ ripped out, his night shrouded in mystery. Meanwhile, he's taking a life-changing role in a film dangerously similar to the deadly predicament. As reality and fantasy blur, the disturbing truth begins to unfold.
568 ::: Cheeks 4: A Backstreet Affair (1990) ::: A bum becomes the butler to a millionaire's family. It turns out that the millionaire is on the brink of financial ruin. It also turns out that the bum was once a whiz-kid stockbroker. The millionaire's daughter sets out to "rehabilitate" the bum/butler and, in the process, save her family.
569 ::: New Umbrella Dance (1899) ::: "This is a dainty subject, full of vim, where is seen a man and woman dancing in gaudy attire, and each one carrying a fancy umbrella. Their movements are very graceful and artistic, and they charm their audiences. Full of motion, and the detail is perfect."
570 ::: Giants in Milan Vol.4 E 5: The Contemporary Art (2015) ::: Rossella Farinotti shows Milan through different works made by important artists, gallery managers, art critics and all the people who take part in the history of contemporary art in Milan. The director Giacomo Favilla realized this documentary as another chapter of "Giants in Milan" by Pino Farinotti and it involves two volumes. This first one focuses on the Museo del Novecento, the art movements like Futurism and Arte Povera, the Royal Palace and the Hall of Caryatids, the public art and the PAC Museum. It also shows all aspects of art in Milan, how it has developed and how it is carried on, where young artists can expose their works and how private foundations can sustain the continuous development of art. Rossella Farinotti shows Milan through different works made by important artists, gallery managers, art critics and all the people who take part in the history of contemporary art in Milan. The director Giacomo Favilla realized this documentary as another chapter of "Giants in Milan" by Pino Farinotti and it involves two volumes. This first one focuses on the Museo del Novecento, the art movements like Futurism and Arte Povera, the Royal Palace and the Hall of Caryatids, the public art and the PAC Museum. It also shows all aspects of art in Milan, how it has developed and how it is carried on, where young artists can expose their works and how private foundations can sustain the continuous development of art. This second volume is about the private gallery in Milan, starting from the story of Giorgio Marconi and his studio opened in 1965, to those one by Massimo De Carlo and Raffaella Cortese. This documentary shows also the story of important artists such as: Emilio Isgrň, Alberto Garutti, Federico Tosi, T-yong Chung and Luigi Presicce. Here it is also possible to find out new independent atelier as well as some news about the art of the underground.
571 ::: Star Wars: The Force Unleashed (2013) ::: Darth Vader has a secret apprentice to help him kill the last of the remaining jedi, little does he realise, this apprentice will unwittingly form the rebel alliance... A non profit, no budget fan film based on the popular video game by George Lucas and LucasArts who own all rights.
572 ::: Palestine (2017) ::: Somewhere in the West Bank, Chaim, an Israeli soldier is injured during an accident, losing his memory as a result. When the young man is found wandering lost by a Palestinian villager, he is mistaken for Nasim, a young Palestinian man who has long been disappeared in an Israeli prison.
573 ::: Sarvanaam (2017) ::: 'Death' is an ultimate truth. Each one of us is radically aware that at some or the other point of time in life, the death, is going to come to meet us and end our role. But still Ramnath Desai leaves no stone unturned to unveil the answer of this riddle.
574 ::: De Band (2012) ::: The school band of Sep is aiming for the show business and has entered the Orion Awards. Linda, the lead singer of the band is properly put on the block by the vocal talents of the outsider Sarah. Sarah is just worried about her little sister and has no need of any attention whatsoever. Linda wants revenge and pushes her friends to harass Sarah. Coincidentally Linda finds out how bad Sarah's home situation is.
575 ::: "Life Through an Artist" (2018) ::: Childhood deaths cause career setbacks, old flames are rekindled, and friendships turn sour as four artists pursue their dreams of making it big in New York City.
576 ::: Wall (2017/II) ::: 'You lack inner peace, I can see it in your eyes...' With this abrupt remark thrown at her by a woman visiting Jerusalem's Wailing Wall, filmmaker Moran Ifergan is reminded of the religion she left in her late teens, when she used to frequent this holy site. While her marriage falls apart, Moran takes us on an around-the-clock journey to the women's side of the Wall; mixing between private and public, sound and image, God and His absence.
577 ::: "The Nerd Element" (2013) ::: Brimstone and Natty share a love for Disney songs. The first attempt to do a duet was bad but Brimstone was gracious enough to do a make up attempt solo. He is a great person to talk to at a convention so definitely stop by his booth if you get a chance.
578 ::: Looking for Raoul Walsh (2002) ::: Raoul Walsh was born in New York on March 11th, 1887, the second child of Elizabeth and Thomas Walsh. His parents had made their fortune during the war against Spain, by obtaining the government contract for providing the army with its uniforms. Thomas Walsh, an Irishman born in Sheffield, had arrived in the United States in the 1870s. After the death of his mother, Raoul would go to sea with one of his uncles, working on boats between Cuba and New York. Then from Cuba he would go to Mexico where he would be hired as a broncobuster. He can horseback ride and uses a lasso like a god, supposing that is that the gods would bother taking up such an occupation. He is tall, handsome, strong, natural and somewhat amoral. He then moves on to Texas, where the federal government hires him as an army horse buyer. Upon his return to New York, he goes around to all the casting agencies, without much luck, until he is referred to Pathé Productions... Destiny is beckoning, and the doors to Hollywood are opened.
579 ::: Where Evil Lies (1995) ::: Two young exotic dancers think they're about to get their big break in show business when they land a job in the hottest strip bar in town. However, their excitement soon turns to terror when they wind up as pawns in a savage and brutal international white slavery ring. It's up to their boyfriends to save them, except one of them is running the whole operation.
580 ::: Sorority Boys (2002) ::: After being falsely accused of stealing the budget for their annual cocktail cruise, three very different fraternity brothers are kicked out of their dorm. In order to clear their name and to secure their future careers, the three dress up in drag and pledge the sorority next door where they learn a few valuable - and hilarious - lessons about themselves and the female species. Three friends who live in a frat house are charged with stealing the money they have been taking for a cocktail cruise at the end of the semester. The boys have no money and dress up as girls for what is supposed to be one night. It turns out to be the rest of the semester when one plan after another to prove that they did not steal the money does not work out. In the process they realize that they treat the girls terrible and try to help them.
581 ::: Perú: tesoro escondido (2017) ::: Perú: tesoro escondido is a documentary genre film about the secrets of Perú. The millinery culture of their ancestors, the beautiful landscapes, the tourist places and other places not yet discovered by the tourism and culinary culture, one of the richest in the world, stands out in this story. The documentary tells a story of a journey through culinary culture, beaches, the Amazon and the cultural heritage of the civilizations that inhabited Peru. Throughout the film, part of the geography and society of Peru is portrayed. The documentary focuses on five main areas: culinary culture, beaches, the Cordillera, the Amazon and the cultural heritage of ancient civilizations. This story focuses on highlighting the best known icons of the country, such as Machu Picchu, and others not so well known and difficult to access. The film is dressed with impressive images of the Ica desert and the sunrise in the Amazon jungle.
582 ::: Unexpected Race (2003) ::: A young woman must live with her father who she has not seen in 15 years. While she rekindles her relationship with her father, she discovers Lythorin, an elf, lives in the forest. She finds out his people was massacred by a renegade FBI agent. She falls in love with him, but he must choose to stay or leave her by the end.
583 ::: Great Women Singers of the 20th Century: Abbey Lincoln (2005) ::: Abbey is seen a rare 1991 performance at the Promenade Theater in New York. She is at once beautiful, insightful and at the top of her musical gifts. The appearance represents the beginning of a great comeback that has since established her as a legendary jazz vocalist and composer.
584 ::: "Nikki & Sara Live" (2013) ::: Nikki and Sara are LIVE! With their signature brand of humor, the girls recap the latest in pop culture, touching on everything from news to fashion. They also sit down with Ke$ha for a hard hitting interview featuring a very special guest.
585 ::: Screen Snapshots: Motion Picture Mothers, Inc. (1949) ::: A square dance is held to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the founding of Motion Picture Mothers, Inc., an orginization for mothers of various film workers. With Pat O'Brien as the master of ceremonies, among those in attendance with their mothers were Jane Powell, Bud Abbott and Gary Cooper.
586 ::: In Smog and Thunder (2003) ::: California was teetering on the edge of doom. Animosity between Los Angeles and San Francisco had grown out of control. War was looming in the hearts of men and women from Petaluma to Pacoima. Then, in early May, General Juan Gomez de los Angeles led his Southern troops in an offensive against the Bay Area. Once the Battle of San Francisco began there was no turning back . . . In Smog and Thunder is a mockumentary about a California civil war set in a vaguely recent past. The Great War of the Californias was the ultimate calamity in a state strewn with calamities. Based on the paintings of Sandow Birk, this film explores the history and the stories behind California's tragic conflict. The paintings, propaganda posters, and etchings convey the intense hatred that had built up between the two great California cities, Los Angeles and San Francisco. When the powder keg ignited, the state was quickly consumed by this horrible war. In Smog and Thunder tells its story through the humble words of the soldiers and citizens who lived through it: infantry privates, civilian yuppies, traffic reporters, colonels, generals, and gardeners. Our crackpot historian, who smooths over war crimes with juicy gossip, leaves you feeling confused and inferior. This grand procession makes you laugh and breaks your heart, but still leaves room for lunch.
587 ::: Time to Kill (2006) ::: Time To Kill is a semi-musical horror set in the fantastical kingdom of Southa-Europa, a country currently gripped in war. The film focuses on five would-be bank robbers and their boss, the mythical "Mr-E". A war chest containing 50 million in notes is being shipped to the front lines and thats where our five heroes come in. There gonna attempt to steal it, divide it and spend it! With the loot intercepted and the cops off there tail our band of bank robbers head out to a secluded safe house out in the country. Its at this point that things begin to go wrong. When one of the party turns up dead paranoia sinks in. One by one they crack as more of their party begin to die in random and weird ways. One of them is a double-crosser and is attempting to take the cash all for themselves, but which?
588 ::: El árbol olvidado (2009) ::: A documentary that revisits a famous film location: the slums where Los Olvidados was shot more than fifty years ago. The people of this area of Mexico City still live by the train tracks, just like they did in Buńuel's masterpiece. The Forgotten Tree captures fragments of the lives of Juan, Gaby, Noemí, and Ivonne, who attempt to escape the cycle of extreme poverty and violence in which they live. However, the decisions they make only seem to sink them further into the abyss of their grim everyday life and their tragic fate.
589 ::: Un amour de jeunesse (1977) ::: Normandy 1850. A stagecoach drives along a road in the middle of the countryside. Inside, the passengers are all asleep except two men who are talking. Suddenly the coach stops: an axle has just broken. When one of the two men leans out of the window to see what is going on, his gaze lingers on the front a provincial abode, which seems to upset him. He soon starts remembering facts that took place forty years earlier...
590 ::: The Beast Within (2008) ::: Nobody wants them but everybody is watching: from time immemorial, animal fights have been as much looked down upon as they have been loved. "The Beast Within" pursues the reasons for man's drive to have animals fight against each other. It picks up the trails of our martial instincts that lead into various cultures.
591 ::: Past Tense (2006) ::: Police detective Christopher Shay was shot during the Penny Romig murder investigation years ago. His then partner, Matt Carson, ends up confessing he was blackmailed with his own alcohol abuse by plausibly dirty police captain Murphy, after Chris's young daughter Sara convinces her mother Kim she somehow incarnates Peggy's memory. The only hope to get to the crucial autopsy reports is coroner Dr. Marquette's office. An elaborate cover-up proves dangerous for all.
592 ::: Tears of Benevolence (2007) ::: Tears of Benevolence is about a Chinese business woman, Yuting Wang, who recovers from a heart attack after discovering a meditation practice. It is a second chance in her life and she becomes determined to live as a better person. Soon after, the meditation practice is banned and thousands of practitioners have their homes ransacked and are taken to prison. In response, Wang goes to Beijing to appeal and is arrested. In prison, unspeakable violence and terror reign. Wang upholds her noble cause of justice and meets retaliation through torture. The prison guards attempt to brainwash her, but to no avail. Near death, Wang is released and she escapes to America.
593 ::: Zemene (2014) ::: ZEMENE is a feature documentary about a young Ethiopian girl's bravery in the face of enormous odds. Living in a remote village with a rare curvature of the spine, Zemene struggles with poverty, poor education, and potentially life-threatening illnesses. But a chance encounter in the streets of Gondar with Dr. Rick Hodes sets in motion a series of events that will change Zemene's life forever. Shot throughout the beautiful countryside of Ethiopia, the film is a poetic testament to the power and bonds of compassion and the potential within us all.
594 ::: Such Beautiful People (2013) ::: They are surrounded by cold sun, wind, sea, fish ... The two friends, Marta and Lyuba escaped the bustle of the big city and settled on the beach far away from people. Lyuba lives with her happy family: kind and eccentric husband and eight-year old son. Marta has nothing but bad experience in marriage, success in fishing, piano and loneliness. Together they organize home performances, read poetry and listen to music. But Marta lacks genuine warmth. That's when the man appears in her life. Ivan is an unsuccessful writer, who finally has to decide whether he deserves strong feelings and whether he can ever fall in love again. The film "Such beautiful people" can be compared to a Japanese hoku that conveys the essence of human existence and brightness of feelings with simple means.
595 ::: Glory Days (1988) ::: A married middle age man with two children who are in college, who also didn't finish college decides to go and enroll at his kids' college. He also decides to try out for football and makes the team. And he becomes a phenom. But all this causes friction between him and his son, and also trouble between him and his wife, who wants him to quit the team. But he chooses to stay with it.
596 ::: "Natural Born Outlaws" (2015) ::: Al Capone is America's best known gangster and perhaps the single greatest symbol of the collapse of law and order in the United States during the Prohibition era of the 1920s. The FBI branded the bootlegging kingpin America's "Public Enemy #1.
597 ::: Barely Professional (2017) ::: Cameron, a newly hired employee at a tech staffing company, ventures into "the corporate world". Once he is hired, he is mentored by two veteran (and we use that term loosely) employees of "Prime Staffing Solutions", Andrew and Tara. He soon crosses paths with the new secretary, Maya. Possible love interest perhaps? However does Maya have ulterior motives to working at the front desk once she and her roommate come across financial hardships?
598 ::: Samaantar (2009) ::: One needs a firm anchoring without which life gets scattered - just the way Keshav carried on for years. Keshav Vaze is an eminent businessman who started his life struggle from a small village and is now an owner of his industrial empire. The business kept growing larger and larger making his days stacked with board meetings, conventions, tours, etc. Keshav became a dear public figure constantly surrounded by people... but the days ended in the cluttered darkness of his own melancholy. Years after years Keshav has hidden his grief within himself. At his 60th birthday, he decides to find serenity for himself and takes a major decision. Accidentally a slice of his frozen past gets scratched. He sees a glimpse of Shama, who was once the anchor of his existence. Her mesmerizing beauty, poise and silence suddenly personify his vacuum of last 30 years. He was oblivious to his soul mate's shocking yesteryear's. Shama had chosen to be a recluse - hidden from the light of sunrise. Keshav strives to learn more about her. He realizes the mockery of their fate - both had drifted apart walking their separate paths... sharing their loneliness. Why did Keshav and Shama choose to live the way they did? What was the motivation behind their present? Do they find their lost love? "SAMAANTAR'' reveals lost traces of parallel folds!
599 ::: Killing Blue (1988) ::: Police Commissioner Alex Glass has been twisted into a sarcastic cynic by the hard luck story that is his life and by his daily contact with the criminals of Berlin's underground. His new assistant, Shirly Mai, is an attractive and conscientious woman who embodies a quality of virtue that her boss gave up a long time ago. They have both been assigned to solve a series of gruesome murders that have been taking place in Berlin's drug and prostitution ganglands. The prime suspect is George Miskowski, a pusher who supplies Berlin's brothels and hookers with cocaine and heroin.
600 ::: "The Newlywed Game" (1966) ::: The original version of the long-running game show, hosted by veteran host Bob Eubanks. Newlywed husbands and wives would take turns answering (often risque) questions while their spouses were backstage. After answering, the spouses would return and be asked the same questions, earning points if their answers matched their spouse's. The couple that finished with the most points would win a prize. The questions were often risque on this game show, host Bob Eubanks would often try to "put words in the mouths" of the husbands and wives as they tried to match each other's answers to win prizes "chosen especially for" the winning couples...Regarding the "in the butt" episode: The question was "Where is the strangest place you've ever had the urge to make whoopee?" and one of the wives said something that was "bleeped", reading her lips indicated she had said "in the butt?" Bob Eubanks cracked up hard, then said "no, we are looking for a LOCATION, a LOCATION!"
601 ::: This Ain't the Partridge Family XXX (2009) ::: Keith is going through a dry spell. He's unable to get a date, unwilling to play music and uninspired to write any songs. But Danny has found a cure on the back of Teen Pop Magazine: a secret elixir guaranteed to make anyone instantly fall in lust with the wearer. Keith refuses to try it out out of fear of hair-loss, but all the other members of the Partridge family don't mind trying.
602 ::: I am (????) ::: Living a lie, a broken soul; Kevin, a priest to be must overcome his forgotten past and decide whether or not to give in to the temptations that torture him. An overbearing mother, a caring priest and a scattered memory are all that he has between him and his fall from grace. Will faith be enough?
603 ::: 3 saat (2008) ::: In Turkey, every year, over 1.5 million young people take the infamous Student Selection Exam hoping to have the right to a university education. 3 SAAT (3 HOURS) focuses on the personal dimension of this "life-and-death matter" by following the lives of 6 young university candidates for a year. We witness the thoughts, emotions and hopes of these young people before, during, and after the exam. In the film, their trials and tribulations are presented in an intimate way, within the wider contexts of this distinctive phenomenon in Turkey, while the filmmakers are the observers, witnesses, intruders, and guests in the lives of these young women and men.
604 ::: My Night, Your Day (2016) ::: Novák cannot sleep. Not to disturb his girlfriend, he spends his nights in the streets of Budapest and gets into weirder and weirder, more and more impossible and dangerous situations and liaisons. Unless he dies, he may regain his dreams by them.
605 ::: Ocnebis qalaqi (2010) ::: If your romantic dreams don't come true on New Year's Day, don't worry, as Valentine's Day is just around the corner. You will easily believe this is possible if you watch the romance between Sandro and Nini unfolding in one of the nightclubs of modern-day Tbilisi.
606 ::: TQ: The Rap Life (2011) ::: Follow around R and B singer Terrance Quaites, also known as TQ. A day in the life of TQ gives us a small glimpse into the friends and family he is around, the places that he likes to hang, things he does for the community of Los Angeles, as well as small talk on some projects he has been working on.
607 ::: Cheotnalbam gabjagi (1969) ::: A newlyhood couple goes to Haeyundae Beach for the honeymoon, but their first night is interrupted by the bride's former lover bursting into their hotel room. This is intrusion and the subsequent stalking gets the couple's marriage off to a rocky start.
608 ::: Anything for John (1993) ::: An intimate portrait of actor-writer-director John Cassavetes and a loving tribute to his genius for studying and depicting the human character. In-depth, candid interviews with his wife and muse Gena Rowlands as well as his most trusted friends and co-workers like Peter Falk, Ben Gazzara, Seymour Cassel, etc. Clips from Cassavetes' greatest films, and many rare photos illustrate this touching documentary.
609 ::: "AfterBuzz TV's Spotlight On" (2014) ::: Mark Donica, Brandon Taylor & Jude S. Walko, discuss A&E Network and FYi Network's 1-hour Thanksgiving special for "Epic Meal Empire" over beers. The Nationally aired show "Epic Meal Empire" is based on the YouTube show "Epic Meal Time" and is the brainchild of Harley Morenstein.
610 ::: "Party Legends" (2016) ::: Notable and notorious personalities share their best party stories. Filmmaker Lance Bangs envisions each one with help from emerging artists and animators. Featuring: Margaret Cho, Eric Andre, Dennis Rodman, Alia Shawkat, Fred Armisen, Bobcat Goldthwait.
611 ::: 3 Brothers (????) ::: 3 Brothers is a story that follows several years of the lives of a separated trio of brothers. They are sons of illiterate refugees from Kosovo who had to leave their home during the war in 1990s. Half of the family was ordered to return to Kosovo in 2009, although the younger children had never been there before, and the father and the oldest brother - Vedat stayed in Germany. The two younger brothers Sedat and Nazmija suddenly ended up together at Prishtina airport in Kosovo, and then at a refugee camp where he saw a life he had never imagined before. The story follows the changing dynamics of a brotherhood that is breaking down, but is still nourished by the hope of a reunion. To get back to their older brother and their lost lives, Nazmija and Sedat are risking their lives every few months trying to cross the border to Europe in order, according to their feelings, to "go home".
612 ::: "Trigger Flaws" (2016) ::: A quintessential California unicorn princess warrior-goddess and her friends meticulously navigate their paths to becoming one with their spiritual selves and even when they are in true mindfulness, sometimes their humanity still gets in the way. The show follows Egypt, a contemporary chic Southern Californian whose relentless search for spiritual and mental enlightenment never ends. With the help of her friends, all of whom can read each other's thoughts (also accompanied by her Shaman, Harry Paul only visible to her), she approaches her goal of perfecting her higher-self with all the vigor one might expect from an artist in the uber-liberal landscape of modern day Los Angeles. However, due to her most human qualities, and comedic sensibilities that invoke the essence of Lucille Ball and Carol Burnett type silliness, she sometimes falls short of the perfection that she seeks. And while these failings to attain true oneness and synchronicity with the universe probably make her more complete as an individual and the higher being that she aspires to be, she'll never stop trying to have all of her spiritual ducks in a neat little row. Of course this will never happen, but that is precisely the journey that the audience can laugh at and relate to. Another aspect of Egypt's world, is her love and respect of culture and fashion. Both of which are manifestations of her love for life and her unending quest for beauty in the world, and this becomes abundantly clear when we get to know the people that surround her. Holly, her best friend and co-conspirator in all things ethereal, shares this keen sense of art and fashion which often becomes apparent in their "shared" thoughts and jokes. All of her female friends participate in this shared-mind convention that drives the comedy of the show, but Holly's thoughts are most closely related to Egypt's and their similar sensibilities and goals reinforce that throughout the show. Then there's Harvey, a talented musician, and Egypt's best guy friend, who is only more evidence of her love for the arts. It's a purely platonic relationship, and even though it's pretty clear he envisions it as something more, she's very careful to not blur the lines. However, that doesn't mean their situation doesn't pop up every now and then in his or her female friends' thoughts and cause awkward moments. All of these elements and more add up to an easy-going, upbeat, new-age, positive energy comedy that not only inspires the viewer, but reminds them that although one may be best served by employing the methods and practices of meditation, and living a healthy metaphysical lifestyle, there's still plenty of room to not take ourselves too seriously, and to lean on our friends when the world doesn't make complete sense.
613 ::: SClub (????) ::: In 1994, an adventurous, yet naive girl named Sally from Oklahoma moves to the big apple to pursue her dreams of Broadway stardom. But upon meeting a fabulous dancer Elsie, Sally is lured into a dangerous underground world and quickly finds herself in a drug induced musical nightmare. Set against the backdrop of the Guiliani administration, SClub explores fantasy, friendship, the loss of innocence, addiction and the end of a great party.
614 ::: La conquista del paraíso (1981) ::: Pablo (Arturo Puig) receives the news that his father, who abandoned him and his family a long time ago and was thought dead, wants to see him so he can pass all his fortune to him. Pablo goes to see his father in Brazil, expecting to inherit a large sum of money, but instead, he receives from his father a treasure map, with the promise that the map will make him rich. After the father dies, Pablo decides to go to an adventure and seek the treasure, aided by the men his father choose as companionship, and by one woman faith choose for him.
615 ::: Hr (2015) ::: Jill Melody leads a comedic cast as the charismatic but trouble-making HR Director Alexis Lennox, whose antics and schemes keep her staff panicked and unnerved. What will she be up to next, and how will Alexis's HR coordinator manage another corporate cover up? Jill Melody will keep you amused and engaged as she leads a comedic cast as the charismatic, but trouble-making Human Resource Director Alexis Lennox; whose antics and schemes keep her staff panicked and unnerved. What will she be up to next, and how will her HR coordinator manage to pull off another Corporate cover up of Alexis's dubious actions? Set in a human resources department in Nashville Tennessee, "HR" is a humorous look at one day in a truly dysfunctional yet laughable environment. Hilarity ensues when we spend a day with the dysfunctional employees of the HR Department. Alexis, Kimberly, Josh, Rick & Seth will keep you laughing in the midst of madness & mayhem. What will Alexis be up to next, and how will her Coordinator Kimberly orchestrate another corporate cover up? 'The Devil Wears Prada' meets 'Horrible Bosses' in this engaging, award winning Comedy/Dramedy.
616 ::: Morir de miedo (1980) ::: A young husband, chronic ill in heart and his sensual wife will celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary at their secluded house in the Madrid highlands. During the journey, they hear that a pair of criminals has robbed a chalet and committed a violation. At night, when everything is quiet, the mysterious figure of a psychopath appears. The evening will be unforgettable.
617 ::: The Sainted Sisters (1948) ::: Two female con artists from New York City, fleeing the law with loot from their latest scam, hide out in a small Maine town, near the Canadian border. However - the residents of this small town aren't quite as unsophisticated as the girls think they are.
618 ::: Hi-Fi Delirium (2003) ::: This film takes the audience on a journey into the wondrous world of audiophilia. We get acquainted with a group of hardcore sound junkies and follow them in their individual quests for The Ultimate Sound Experience. For some it involves just building a new amplifier, for others it involves bizarre and mad projects. Or what do you call a man who is tearing down his house just in order to build a new one from scratch - to achieve better acoustics ... ?
619 ::: "Sally Bollywood" (2009) ::: Sally and Doowee discover that they are not the only detectives solving crimes anymore. There's a new detective agency on the block and its bigger and better at solving the crimes. Who is Mr Big? Will he ultimately bring the SBI to a complete stop and break apart the friendship that Sally and Doowee share? In the end will this rival go so far as to make one hurt the other?.....
620 ::: "Girls in Love" (2003) ::: Ellie Allard is a typical teenager with a passion for art, she gets up to loads of trouble with her best friends, goth Nadine and flirty Magda.Ellie, Nadine and Madga go through a lot of issues which are mainly about their favourite topic . - Boys!.
621 ::: Sacrificio: Who Betrayed Che Guevara (2001) ::: The two young Swedish journalist's Erik Gandini and Tarik Saleh have worked one year with Sacrificio, a film about the events surrounding the death of Che Guevara. They have traveled the world around and met among others the man who shot Che Guevara and the former CIA agent who walks around with Che's last tobacco in his pistol butt. In their attempts to find out what really happened they discover that the man who is accused of having betrayed Che Guevara as a matter of fact lives in Malmö, in the south of Sweden.
622 ::: We Remember Them: Nikiskisinan (1999) ::: This one hour documentary was initiated by the Muskeg Lake Cree Nation near Marcelin, Saskatchewan. This program looks a the significance of having over 50 men and women who volunteered for military service that ulitmately left an indelible footprint on the everyday lives of several generations of Muskeg Lake Band Through poignant interviews of surviving Veterans and family members, particularly those who participated in the Second World War, the program reveals the aftermath and the overall impact the Veterans have made on everyday life at Muskeg Lake First Nations
623 ::: September (2007) ::: Set in the Australian wheat-belt in 1968, SEPTEMBER is a character driven film about two 15 year old boys - one black, one white - whose friendship begins to fall apart under the stress of a changing world. The film is about the boys trying to hold their friendship together in spite of the pressures imposed upon them by a turbulent social and political climate.
624 ::: Showbobo (2006) ::: DJBobo is a unique musical phenomenon. Millions of European fans are spellbound by his grandiose tour shows. Yet, DJ Bobo no stupendously talented singer or dancer. But he is an exceptional mass communicator, almost like a guru. This short documentary film highlights DJ Bobo's passion for big stage shows and features some surprising revelations and contradictions.
625 ::: "The Woodlies" (2012) ::: WrinkleSkin is rendered unconscious after an altercation with an owl. But in order to save her, they must use themselves as guinea pigs for her many potions, whilst fending off several angry Crows who have decided to come knocking on her door.
626 ::: Les carottiers (1932) ::: This film combines the French language versions of two Laurel & Hardy short films, Be Big and Laughing Gravy, into a pseudo-feature in which the actors speak phonetic French. Commencing with Be Big: the boys fail to join their wives for a weekend in Atlantic City because they've been invited to a stag meeting of their lodge...but they never make it to their lodge, either, because Ollie gets his feet stuck in Stan's too-small boots. A title card explains that the boys have subsequently been kicked out by their wives, and are left with only their little dog, at which point begins Laughing Gravy: on a wintry night in an apartment house where pets are forbidden, the boys attempt to hide their dog, Laughing Gravy, from the landlord, but are threatened with expulsion. However [in a plot twist not found in the original English language version], Stan then receives a letter saying that he will inherit a fortune from his uncle if he leaves Ollie forever; the uncle blames Ollie for Stan's low standing in the world. Stan refuses this condition-- but only so he won't have to give up his dog.
627 ::: In the dark (2015) ::: Taking place in a room of a hotel in the city of Queretaro (Mexico); on one day during the course of the evening: three characters (Sara, he and the other) facing its worst nightmare as his own demons released, those who live in the darkness of the souls; every lie concealed a crime and they will be involved in a series of events that go beyond reality or fiction.
628 ::: Wink, Meet, Delete: An Internet Guide to Dating (2010) ::: Internet dating is here to stay. Fifteen million people in the UK are single and half of them are now looking for love online. Sue Bourne, award-winning director of 'My Street' and 'Mum and Me' sets out to discover what the growing phenomenon of internet dating is doing to people and relationships.
629 ::: Servante et maîtresse (1977) ::: FOR years Maria (Andrea Ferreol) has been the faithful cook/housekeeper/domestic to a wealthy fertilizer dealer who lives outside Paris. When the old fellow dies, his nephew Jerome (Victor Lanoux), who used to play childhood games with Maria, returns to collect his legacy. Imagine his surprise when he learns that the legacy-the house, the Rolls-Royce, the fortune, everything-has been left to the servant. Maria, a maid who always wanted to be a lady, agrees that Jerome may stay on in the mansion on her terms, that is, if he becomes her servant.
630 ::: Incidencias (2015) ::: The last train travel of the year from Barcelona to Madrid, suddenly stops by a voltage drop in the middle of nowhere during a fierce snowstorm. Because of the peculiarity of its passengers, will begin to emerge hilarious conflicts between them.
631 ::: "Bad Audition" (2013) ::: Join actress Elizabeth Park (Kate Orlando) on her journey towards stardom while persevering in the sprawling city of Los Angeles. Along the way Elizabeth meets Sam Hubbard (Matt Shepherd), a handsome physics teacher, who is unfamiliar with the entertainment industry. Watch Elizabeth hilariously encounter overacting-actors, clichéd scripts, and self obsessed directors in her search for stardom one bad audition at a time.
632 ::: Las Soldaderas (????) ::: Las Soldaderas is the story of four ordinary women living in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, the birthplace of Femicide; the murder of women by men, because they are women. It's a dangerous place where life is cheap and a woman's life cheaper. These four women, with the help of a tough Irish Catholic priest, stand up and fight back for their freedom, even though it may cost them their lives.
633 ::: Warriors of the Sun (2009) ::: The 2000 year-old "Flying Indians" ritual is performed today by Mexican Indians. Sacred to Quetzalcoatl, the "Feathered Serpent" culture god, the ritual is a visual representation of Mexican Indian religion. Five Indians climb a 90-foot pole. On the tip of the pole is a hub, through which four ropes are threaded. One Indian, representing the Sun, seated on the hub, leans back until he is horizontal to salute each of the Four Directions, while offering his heart to the Sun. He then dances on the hub, 30 inches in diameter. The other four Indians, representing the messenger birds of the Sun, then "fly" head downwards, to bring His blessings to mankind.
634 ::: King for a Day (2006) ::: Claire is locked in her room by her over-zealous mother for reading the Marquis De Sade's 120 Days Of Sodom. Fearful of the bad influences to which her daughter might be exposed she enlists the help of a young priest, Father Joshua, to offer her religious instruction. However the earnest and straight-laced priest soon finds himself questioning his vows. One night Claire is awoken by a mysterious woman who tunnels into her room from the mine beneath Claire's house. She liberates Claire from the oppressive atmosphere of her home. Retaining a similar aesthetic to Downey's previous film, Paranoia, King For A Day follows its own gently idiosyncratic logic, seeming to exist on some dreamlike hinterland, but this time brings a sly and anarchic sense of humour.
635 ::: You Don't Know Dick: Courageous Hearts of Transsexual Men (1997) ::: Lyle, Max, Michael, Steven, Ted, and James: a photographer who lifts weights, a cop, a mechanic, writers, an artist; one is gay, at least three are in serious relationships with women; one was in the seminary; one has three children from a previous marriage. All six were born female, and all are female-to-male ("FTM") transsexuals. They talk about childhood, deciding to make the change, telling parents and friends and co-workers, testosterone therapy, surgeries, organs, embracing their histories, and how their lives are now. Friends, a parent, lovers, and two children also talk. All six men express joy at their new-found and more complete identities.
636 ::: Falling for everything (2015) ::: Falling for everything is a short moving image work that contrasts the visual image of a medical research trial diagram with the sound of a woman talking about the new sense of temporality she has found through living with a life threatening illness.
637 ::: Var finns min seger? (2002) ::: When Aida was 36 she left her three children in order to go war. When David was 15 he enlisted as a volunteer for the front, to fight for Armenia. It took five years for Aida to return to her family. David came back in a wheelchair. During the early 1990s Armenia fought a bloody war against neighboring Azerbaijan. Armenia won the conflict, and repossessed the Nagorno Karabakh enclave, but at what cost to those involved? When Aida and David they did not find the community of brotherhood and justice that they thought they would. The theatre of war in the film is Armenia, but it could just as well have been Beirut, Kosovo, Bosnia or Palestine. The victims of war are to be found in all too many places. 'Is there really any victory?' Aida asks.
638 ::: Drôle de drame (1937) ::: In Victorian London, the botanist Irwin Molyneux and his wife Margaret Molyneux are bankrupted but still keeping the appearance due to the successful crime novels written by Irwin under the pseudonym of Felix Chapel. Their cook has just left the family, when Irwin's snoopy and hypocrite cousin Archibald Soper that is in campaign against the police stories of Felix Chapel invites himself to have dinner in Irwin's house. Margaret decides to keep the farce of their social position secretly cooking the dinner, while the clumsy Irwin justifies her absence telling the bishop Soper that she had just traveled to the country to meet some friends. However Soper suspects of Irwin and calls the Scotland Yard, assuming that his cousin had poisoned his wife. Irwin and Margaret decide to hide the truth to avoid an exposition of their financial situation, moving to a low-budget hotel in the Chinese neighborhood, getting into trouble. Irwin Molyneux, an austere botanist, and Margaret, his spendthrift, conceited wife, are in trouble: their cook has just left them without notice. And this is just the time chosen by Archibald Soper, bishop of Bedford and Irwin's cousin, to invite himself to dinner. Margaret decides to cook the meal herself but Soper, a greedy, sanctimonious zealot, must not know about this degrading situation, which is why she asks Irwin to make his importunate guest believe that she has left home for a while. Archibald, who just preached against a crime story writer called Chapel and who is nervous because a killer roams the neighboring streets, gets suspicious when Irwin babbles vague answers to his questions about Margaret's absence. Jumping to conclusions, he is persuaded that Irwin has murdered his wife and informs the police. Now, it happens that Felix Chapel and Irwin Molyneux are the same person. Unfortunate Irwin finds himself accused of poisoning his wife, just like in one of his detective stories...
639 ::: Homie UP: Stories of Love and Redemption (2015) ::: Homie UP: Stories of Love and Redemption follows three students in an educational program called Homie Universidad Popular and their families. The film provides an in-depth examination of the individuals who come in contact with the criminal justice system to explore their connection to family, school, and community. They were born and raised in Californian communities and attended California's public schools. They are intimately connected to family and friends. Regardless of the distance, family members track their whereabouts and find their loved ones to maintain regular communication, even if it means paying exorbitant fees for such communication and connection. This ongoing dialogue and exchange between the prison cell and home/school gives us snapshots of the human dimension behind prison life. In their own words, we hear from individuals who find themselves incarcerated and have learned to express themselves and to think critically as well as from those who love them.
640 ::: 1980 (2003) ::: Reiko's plan was to become an idol and an actress, but instead she is now back in her hometown as a teacher at the same school she herself had attended. Also at the school is Reiko's younger sister Rika, who is a student, and the oldest sibling Kanae who is also a teacher. The sisters are not going to have a year free of trouble however.
641 ::: 002 operazione Luna (1965) ::: When a Russian space craft is lost in space with two cosmonauts on board, the KGB authorities abduct two petty criminals, Franco and Ciccio, to launch them into space and have them return to impersonate the lost cosmonauts, only to have the real cosmonauts, Paradowski and Borovin, return which the two duos cause misunderstandings abound.
642 ::: Yoru no pikunikku (2006) ::: The film follows a group of high school students on a strenuous day-long hike during which they discover new sides of themselves. The story is adapted from author Onda Rika's popular same-titled novel, which earned Onda the Yoshikawa New Literary Writer's Award and the second Honya Award. Yoru no Picnic features a talented young cast including Tabe Mikako and Nishihara Aki who previously appeared in Way of Blue Sky, Ishida Takuya (Rough), Ikematsu Sosuke (Yamato), model Kato Rosa, and Kaku Tomohiro (Hana and Alice). Takako's (Tabe Mikako) high school has a unique tradition. Every year, the school's 1000 students walk 80 kilometers in 24 hours. As this is her final year of high school, Takako decides to work up the courage to talk to You (Ishida Takuya), whom she has never spoken to before. Classmates who are unaware of their relationship read something more into their awkward overtures.
643 ::: "Crash Course" (2009) ::: "Crash Course" pairs up relatives, friends and other related twosomes and not only puts their navigating skills to the test, but test drives their relationships and patience, making the teams work together and summon their greatest driving skills to make it across the finish line. Each week, five teams of two will competed and be eliminated one by one before facing the final "Crash Course" for a chance to win $50,000.
644 ::: James Bond's Spectre with Jonathan Ross (2015) ::: In James Bond's Spectre - with Jonathan Ross, film buff and huge Bond fan Jonathan fronts this one-off hour-long special about one of the world's longest running and most successful film series, as the latest instalment is about to hit cinemas. And as well as securing a one-on-one chat with Daniel, aka Bond, on set, Jonathan will also speak to other leading cast members including Naomie Harris, Andrew Scott, Monica Bellucci, Christoph Waltz and Lea Seydoux. He'll also be finding out some hints about the plot of the new thriller, as well as the other elements that make up a Bond movie, including the classic cars, impressive gadgets, evil villains and beautiful Bond girls.
645 ::: "The British Empire in Colour" (2002) ::: The British Empire in Colour is a major three part series that examines the history and experience of the British Empire, form the perspectives of both the rulers and the ruled. Using original colour archive film - much of which had never previously been seen - together with personal letters and diary extracts helping to capture the many complexities and contradictions of life in the British Empire.
646 ::: Prom Night in Mississippi (2009) ::: In 1997, Academy Award winning actor, Morgan Freeman, who lives in the Charleston, Mississippi community, offered to fund the first-ever integrated Senior Prom in the history of Charleston's one high school. His offer was ignored. In 2008, Morgan offered again... the East Tallahatchie County School Board accepted. In this town of 2,300 people, its high school of 415 black and white students has, to this day, always had separate proms: one black, one white prom. Our film follows the Charleston High senior class of 2008 preparing and attending their historic, first integrated prom, in the context of strong emotions, traditions, and conflict inherent in race relations in the community, and in the deep south. Some of the white parents maintained their whites-only prom. In 2008, actor Morgan Freeman offers to pay for the first integrated prom in Charleston, Mississippi. This documentary presents interviews with students, staff and parents about the decision to hold a racially integrated prom. The students and staff seem prepared and even eager to hold the prom but many in the community aren't. Proms in the past had been organized by the parents rather than the school authorities and one group of parents decides to hold a whites only prom anyways. Students are interviewed about their views on integration, dating and the views of their parents.
647 ::: Escape Artist (2017) ::: A socially and politically frustrated young man with a troubled past vents his frustrations through a social networking website and unwittingly sparks a revolutionary social movement.
648 ::: Fighting with Kit Carson (1933) ::: A pack train led by Kit Carson is attacked by Kraft and his Mystery Riders, who want a government shipment of gold carried by the wagons. Matt Fargo manages to hide the gold, but Carson must confront the Mystery Riders time after time in order to prevent them from finding and carrying away the treasure.
649 ::: Smarty Pants (2019) ::: Jim Holland works as a collector and spends most of his days getting screamed at by his clients, boss and girlfriend, he's happy just being a drone worker and living his life as below average and with as little responsibility as possible. But all that immediately changes when Jim stumbles upon a pair of pants that grants him the ability to be the most intelligent being in the universe, it also serves a beacon for the being who created it.. And they want it back.
650 ::: Terrorgram (1990) ::: Horror anthology in which a demonic delivery boy brings three packages from hell to three people who wholeheartedly deserve them. In "Heroine Overdose", a sleazy misogynistic sexploitation filmmaker named Alan Smythee overdoses on heroin. Ironically, this somehow transports him into one of his films where he becomes the target of his own vengeful heroines. In "Pandora", a woman named Angela Pandorus runs over a kid by accident and, with no witnesses around, flees the crime scene. The delivery boy visits her and gives her a special jack in the box from hell. In "Veteran's Day", a middle-aged cynical draft dodger called Eric Keller is on a downward spiral thanks to his bad temper and overall attitude. On Veterans Day, a holiday that drunk Keller makes fun of, his college buddy, Novotny, who went M.I.A. three decades ago in Vietnam, appears to Keller to take him back to Vietnam hell and let him experience the fate of him and his butchered comrades for himself. James Earl Jones also stars as the "Voice of Retribution" that narrates the stories.
651 ::: Decaying Orbit (2007) ::: When a mysterious explosion destroys a space station on the edge of the galaxy, five survivors manage to board an escape shuttle. Left adrift without communications, food, or any means of leaving the system, the survivors are forced to work together to survive. But soon evidence surfaces that one of them may actually be the saboteur that caused the station's destruction! Can the disfunctional group band together long enough to be rescued, when no one knows who they can trust?
652 ::: Second Chance (2010) ::: Doug Johnson (Leroy Taylor) works 3 jobs to try and give his wife, Trish (Sharin Nelson) and son, David (Kelvin Page) a better life. But is it a better life when he is never home when his family needs him? His wife turns to the church, as his son falls prey to the street crime Doug was working so hard to remove him from. Everything Doug has worked so hard for has been lost. Doug now must struggle to pick-up the pieces of his life to win back his wife, to honor his son, and make a Second Chance at life.
653 ::: WWE No Way Out (2007) ::: Chris Benoit and The Hardyz vs MVP and MNM. Mr Kennedy vs Bobby Lashley. Kane vs King Booker. Deuce and Domino vs Brian Kendrick and Paul London. Finlay and Hornswoggle vs Boogeyman and Little Boogeyman. Cruiserweught gauntlet match. John Cena and Shawn Michaels vs Batista and The Undertaker
654 ::: South Central Los Angeles: Inside Voices (1994) ::: In the aftermath of the 1992 Los Angeles riot of 1992, noted documentarians Maxi Cohen and Wendy Apple distributed Hi-8 camcorders to young adult videographers in every major ethnic neighborhood to discover how each had been affected. The resulting video diaries were edited into dramatic stories that provide deeper insight into the origins and effects of the 1992 Los Angeles riot.
655 ::: Maineland (2017) ::: Stella and Harry are affluent, cosmopolitan teenagers who are part of the enormous wave of "parachute students" from Mainland China enrolling in U.S. private schools. Shot over three years in China and the U.S., MAINELAND tells a multi-layered coming-of-age tale, following this buoyant, fun-loving girl and introspective boy as they settle into a boarding school in blue-collar small-town rural Maine. They come seeking a Western-style education, escape from the dreaded Chinese college entrance exam, and the promise of a Hollywood-style U.S. high school experience. But as their fuzzy visions of the American dream slowly gain more clarity, their relationship to home takes on a surprising new aspect. Filmed over three years in China and the U.S., MAINELAND is a multi-layered coming-of-age tale that folloChinese teenagers from the wealthy elite, with big American dreams, settle into a boarding school in small-town Maine. As their fuzzy visions of the American dream slowly gain more clarity, their relationship to home takes on a poignant new aspect.ws two affluent and cosmopolitan teenagers as they settle into a boarding school in blue-collar small-town rural Maine. Part of the enormous wave of 'parachute students' from China enrolling in U.S. private schools, bubbly, fun-loving Stella and introspective Harry come seeking a Western-style education, escape from the dreaded Chinese college entrance exam, and the promise of a Hollywood-style U.S. high school experience. But as their fuzzy visions of the American dream slowly gain more clarity, their relationship to home takes on a surprisingly poignant new aspect.
656 ::: Ptichka (2014) ::: When does your childhood go away? It goes away when instead of playing football with other kids you sit down and silently contemplate the river. When your thoughts don't let you sleep, and a lightning bug beats in a pot like a heart. When poems come into your mind and you feel you really need to sing. It goes away when you suddenly realize: this summer is going away and it is the last summer of your childhood.
657 ::: Wrapped Up In Christmas (2017) ::: Heather (Ali) is a hardworking General Manager at the local mall forced to make holiday budget cuts in order to move forward in her career. While focusing on her next promotion, she has given up on love, even though her niece Molly refuses to accept that fact. Trying to help, Molly asks the mall Santa to give her beloved aunt a boyfriend for Christmas this year. After a few chance encounters with Ryan (Fehr), another mall worker, it seems like Santa might have come through, but both have secrets they will need to overcome before a holiday 'happily ever after' can be a reality. Christmas is one of Heather's favorite times of year but this year, as the manager of the upscale Town Center Mall, she has to be the Christmas Grinch and cancel the leases of under-performing stores. One afternoon, Heather's niece, Molly asks the mall Santa to help find a boyfriend for her beloved aunt. Unbeknownst to Molly and Heather, "Santa" is actually Ryan (Brendan Fehr, "Guardians of the Galaxy"), who is working at the mall for the holidays and helping his Aunt Patty run her failing toy store. As Heather and Ryan begin to fall for each other, they have no idea of one another's true identity: Heather who is tasked with closing his aunt's store and Ryan who is too ashamed to tell Heather that he is the actually the mall Santa. Will Molly's Christmas wish come true, or will Heather be stuck as the Town Center Grinch? Heather's (Tatyana Ali) favorite time of year is Christmas but as the manager of a mall, she has to cancel the leases of under-performing stores. Ryan (Brendan Fehr) is helping his Aunt with her store and also fills in as the mall Santa. Ryan starts to fall for Heather and they have no idea of one another's true identity.
658 ::: Novio a la vista (1954) ::: At the beginning of the 20th century a young girl accompanied by her parents goes to a beach to find a suitable fiancé. Her mother would rather see her marry an older engineer, but the girl falls in love with Enrique, a student of her age, who need to prepare his exams.
659 ::: Then the Wind Changed (2012) ::: Strathewen: a lush green paradise where families built their homes to raise their children, close to nature. But at 3am one summer morning residents are woken by the trees thrashing in the hot northerly wind. "It felt like we were in a tinderbox". The lucky ones drive out before the firestorm spreads across the darkened countryside and the trucks start to explode. Dom works with the fire service and stays behind to look for survivors. Miraculously, the fire has skipped over his house. But fate struck his neighbor Denis a crueler blow. A falling tree blocked his family's escape and they perished in the bath, where they were sheltering from the inferno. Dini's husband and son couldn't get home and died on the road. "To lose your family is such an incomprehensible thing". Amid the awful silence and blackened trees the clean-up is loud and jarring. Heavy rains gouge furrows on the blackened hillsides. Australia's Eucalyptus forests have been burning and renewing for thousands of years. Native grasses now flourish within the burnt forest. So life goes on with that awful feeling: it could have been me. Olee is a farmer who lost his crop, his house and his dogs. He's gripped by "constant panic". Strathewen tries to function as a community. But there's anger. No official warning came on Black Saturday. Bodies of loved ones were left to rot in cars. But months and years pass and people begin to move on, to lose the adrenaline that gripped them that day. Denis finds love again in relief worker Susie. Lola can at last play out those "scary things" with her toys. Bron laughs: "We take our children to psychologists instead of ballet!" Two-and-a-half years on, Olee's house is at last being rebuilt and Bron's new house is ready. Olee remains unsure he can cope, but for others, a future seems possible. At times intensely moving, this film makes us all wonder how we and our children would cope if death struck all around.
660 ::: Liliomfi (1955) ::: Mail <svaradi@sprynet.com> for translation. A mult szazadi tortenetben Liliomfi, a tehetseges vandorszinesz es Mariska, Szilvay professzor ur nevelt lanya megszeretik egymast, am a szigoru atya mas volegenyt szemelt ki a lanynak... Liliomfi is a 1954 Hungarian comedy film directed by Károly Makk. It was entered into the 1955 Cannes Film Festival. Set in the "Golden Era" of the wandering Hungarian theatre troupes. Mariska and Liliomfi fall in love without suspecting that Mariska's foster father, Professor Szilvay, is also Liliomfi's uncle. Soon the couple must contend with the professor's plan to make Liliomfi give up his "unrespectable" profession of acting by exposing the professor's hypocrisy, greed, and tyrannical selfishness.
661 ::: The Comeback (2015/I) ::: The Comeback is about a thirty two faded actress who loses everything in her life and decides to commit suicide. However, on the day she decides to kill herself, she receives a package containing four letters and ashes in a vase: a dead man's ashes in search of a home.
662 ::: Confessions of a Bad Girl (1965) ::: Judith, a pretty young girl from a small town, comes to New York City determined to become a famous actress. She auditions for a variety of modeling and acting jobs, and finds out that the men she's auditioning for expect more than one kind of "audition" from her.
663 ::: "Like Them" (2017) ::: Society has an off-switch, and Earth has been invaded by a mysterious alien race. "Like Them" is an 8-part sci-fi web series about one man's obsession to achieve his ultimate success. The series follows The Hero. A man who is focused on recording the misfortunes of other travelers that happen upon his door step for the purpose of creating his own memoirs of the invasion.
664 ::: "Cemex, La construcción de una empresa global" (2006) ::: In 1985, Cementos Mexicanos had already positioned itself as one of the country's principal cement companies. Beginning that year, it initiated a process of innovation and continual improvement which allowed it to conquer new markets, undertake ambitious acquisitions in the United States, Latin America and Europe, and become a global company with a strong market presence in more than fifty countries on four continents.
665 ::: Lakeshore Drive (2017) ::: Lakeshore Drive is a powerful Chicago story that deals with marginalized citizens and abuse of power. During a routine rideshare experience, the driver discovers his passenger is a transgender acquaintance from high school who is escaping the dark world of prostitution. When her pimp - a crooked cop - demands to know her whereabouts, the driver is forced to choose between her life or his own.
666 ::: The Fallen Heroes of Operation Red Wings (2014) ::: A multi-part piece that takes a closer look at those who died in the operation and their portrayal in the film. Included are Michael Murphy, Matthew Axelson, Danny Dietz, and Tribute to the Fallen Heroes of Operation Red Wings.
667 ::: Dead End Demon (2017) ::: It has been almost 2 years since the small town of Santa Carla had suffered in the hands of the raging maniac, Cameron Crowe. Legend around town had it as that he may have been burnt in a fire he started. No one expected that he'd ever come back to reek havoc once again. And this time with a vengeance. They're only hope is to conjure spirits from beyond for help.
668 ::: Gone with the Hurricane (2010) ::: Once up on a time, there was a wacky little island in Florida... Based loosely on Shakespeare's 'Twelfth Night', this is the twisted story of romance on a tropical island with action, intrigue, mistaken identities, rednecks, stalkers, pirates, weird cults, horny widows, dumb cops, corrupt politicians, and a ninja. Put an umbrella in your drink, kick back, and enjoy the madness.
669 ::: Hajnali láz (2015) ::: the story of a love born in the strangest of circumstances between two long-suffering survivors of the hell that was the Holocaust. Their love overcomes all obstacles in its path including death when it eventually comes. Set in the Swedish rehabilitation camps during the autumn and winter of 1945. A true story. In 1945, after having been freed from a concentration camp, the 25-year-old Hungarian man, Miklós is being treated at a Swedish hospital. The doctors diagnose him with a severe lung disease and tell him that he has no more than six months to live. But he refuses to give up, wants to find a wife with whom he can start a new life, and sends letters to 117 Hungarian girls who are also being treated in Sweden. One of the girls is 19-year-old Lili, who likes Miklós's letter, and they start corresponding. Based on the novel: Fever at Dawn.
670 ::: Legendary AD (2016) ::: What does "Star Wars", "the Godfather", "Lord of the Rings", "Batman", "Inception", "Saving Private Ryan" and "Pulp Fiction" have in common? Simple: Amazing First Assistant Directors. They are the experts on set that allow the director to focus on his job while keeping the movie machine moving forward. These AD's have collected countless stories from the legendary films we have always dream about. These inspirational film veterans have the best advice that a Film-Maker will never be able to learn in film school. A legendary Documentary from the mouth's of the ones that ran the sets on legendary movies.
671 ::: "True Courage" (2003) ::: A docu-drama series that examines the lives of ordinary people, transformed in a single moment through an act of extraordinary courage. Some go out of their own way to help others in dire times of need, others respond as part of their call to duty. And then there are those who offer themselves as an expression of personal love. Whatever their motivation, they show through their actions strength of character, unwavering determination, and true courage.
672 ::: Fevereiros (2017) ::: Mangueira is Brazil's most popular samba school. In 2016, it won the championship of the Carnival of Rio with a parade in homage to Maria Bethânia, the diva from Bahia, who has a 50-year career and is Caetano Veloso's sister. The doc followed the creation of this carnival in all stages, from the first drawings and rehearsals to the construction of the allegories and the winning parade. Our crew also traveled with Maria Bethânia to Santo Amaro, her hometown in the interior of Bahia, discovering particularities that inspired the creation of this Carnival, such as her peculiar religious universe, which congregates candomble and Catholicism, the parties inherited from the slaves, and the openness of her house to the local community. As we tell the story of Bethania's hometown and the victorious carnival of Mangueira, we establish links between Rio de Janeiro and Bahia, focusing historical issues like the birth of samba, racism and religious tolerance.
673 ::: Art of the Argument (2017) ::: Four young German law students have to quickly grow into the roles of experienced, respected lawyers when they are sent to represent their university in the worlds biggest international law competition, the Jessup Moot Court. Faced with a fictional case based in the Snowden incidents, they have to become experts on mass surveillance, terrorism and cyber attacks, and learn what it means to succeed and fail as a team.
674 ::: Zedj (1971) ::: The inhabitants of a small village in a backward area of Macedonia earn their living by sending their men abroad in search of employment. Three young girls, named Elica, Maria and Nikolina live and work as schoolteachers in the village. Each of them try to make sense of their lives, in that situation where it is imposed on them. In the village the greatest problem is the supply of water. Spring water is carried by Marko from the distant mountains Marko is falls in love with the poor girl Kate. The monotonous peasant life is dispelled with the arrival of a group of mining engineers who come to do some research. The one engineer, named Victor is among them and he attracts the schoolteacher Maria's attention. The return of Trandafil, the old man working abroad, Kate's uncle, is a special event in the village's life. The destiny of a great number of the inhabitants depends on the wealth of the uncle returned from America. However there is no place for faith and hope as the uncle returns with no earnings at all.
675 ::: Falcon Beach (2005) ::: Tourists arrive in the quiet Canadian lake resort Falcon Beach for the season, including nostalgic Ginny Bradshaw and her bitchy daughter Paige, who actually reports to the -fortunately unimpressed- police a 'break-in' by two charming local youngsters, cool water-jock Jason Tanner and his gentle mate Danny Ellis, who only came to borrow electricity for the traditional Start of Summer beach party, which she later gets broken up as 'noise', then followed up by mayor Tallis, who fears 'trouble like last year'. Danny bails out of the tower climbing rite of passage again, he rather skinny-dives. Paige is pissed-off having to stay 'in the wilderness' instead of cramming for an imminent internship at dad Trevor's New York firm, but he doesn't send the info package he promised because of some reorganization; even her big brother in college Lane, who visits later, doesn't know the details. When Jason sees his ex, model Tanya Shedden, finally home from Paris, wants to leave already after a row with her ma Darlene -who just warns not to waste that career and can't pay for college- he generously offers she can stay on the boat he's repairing and temporarily moves back with his own ma Peggy Tanner. Spoiled-rotten ingrate Tanya invites Paige's brother Lane, a fellow party-animal. Bored now her apprenticeship is on hold, Paige commandeers Jason to teach her wake-boarding, then even steals a kiss from the irresistible hunk; yet on land she maintains her haughty aloof act. Danny fears he'll get nowhere with summer-regular Erin because of hippie Scott, but is happily wrong. Tanya takes Lane to her XTC dealer Mook, who strips the boy's studly chest before accepting his $1,000 for 'personal party supplies' of the psychedelic kind. Mayor Tallis's naive son Georgie (14) bought some XTC from the duo -Tanya lied and bitched about it when Jason protested- and got so high he climbs the water-tower, but is afraid to come down; just before brave athletic Jason has reached him, the boy makes a terrible fall. Only their time-honored water fun can somewhat console Jason and Danny, who takes a skinny-dive in the lake.
676 ::: April Is My Religion (2001) ::: "April is my Religion" is a coming-of-age story which chronicles four months in the life of Jack Wesson, a college freshman who believes himself to be devoid of free will. Coming from a sheltered suburban back- ground, he is plunged into a world of hallucinogenic drugs and casual sex with which he is utterly unprepared to cope. Increasingly disoriented, Jack becomes convinced he has found his life's love in April, the title character. When she rebuffs his advances, it only accelerates his downward spiral - culminating in a desperate act that forces him to confront his own flaws, errors, and ultimately his humanity.
677 ::: 0506HK (2007) ::: 0506HK documents filmmaker Quentin Lee's returns to Hong Kong, where he was born and raised. As he explores his desire to move back there from Los Angeles, he interviews local artists, filmmakers, friends, and family about why they are in Hong Kong and why they choose to be there. With humor and wit, Lee explores culture, belonging, politics, and ultimately the question of where the best place is for him to exist as a filmmaker. Part autobiography, part travelogue, part cultural criticism, the documentary features local cultural icon Kam Kwok Leung, filmmakers Peter Chan, Teddy Chen, Tammy Cheung, animator Raman Hui and many other colorful characters. A stylish collage of interviews, original footage and home movies, 0506HK is sometimes nostalgic. It is nevertheless both an emotional and meaningful journey.
678 ::: Kaki bakar (1995) ::: Proud of his Javanese heritage, Kakang is trying to bring up his children in Malaysia and instill in them his own traditional values and beliefs. Seeing clearly the social inequalities that allow him to be exploited his defiance results in profound consequences for his youngest son, a boy who shares his father's uncompromising integrity.
679 ::: Nemico dell'Islam? (2016) ::: Why did Tunisia, the country of dates, of tourist resorts and mass tourism, turn overnight into a powder keg, producing the first of the so-called "Arab Spring" and today, after the Revolution of 2010- 2011, become the country that provides more volunteers to Isis militias? Here is the idea of this film: a trip, actually a road movie, between the images produced by a culture and within that culture, to understand the roots of a crisis that the cinema of Nouri Bouzid has said for twenty years.
680 ::: Moto 7: The Movie (2015) ::: MOTO7: A film that rewrites the moto playbook, with the biggest jumps, the gnarliest tracks, and some of the most remote locations a motorcycle has ever touched. Experience Blake Baggett's newly-developed El Chupacabra Ranch in Florida, one of the most gargantuan home tracks ever made, where Baggett and Ken Roczen enjoy a daily routine of riding light speed fast laps with an almost lackadaisical ease. Three miles away, Aldon Baker trains factory superstars Ryan Dungey, Marvin Musqin and Jason Anderson on a program fit for Seal Team Six. Then there's the Smokey Mountains in Idaho, where the Sipes brothers Ryan and Justin go to feel the sweet serenity of a man, his motorcycle, and countless miles of natural single-track. All of these riders are taking moto to territories it has never seen, be that on the stopwatch or the trail map. There's Colton Haaker, the Endurocross phenom whose bike-control and technical abilities are that of superhuman levels. Then of course, Justin Barcia, the exemplar of style on a motocross bike, the guy who defies logic and rides with an amount of panache and flamboyance that is shunned in professional motocross, yet somehow has climbed to the top of the sport.
681 ::: Philadelphia Project (2016) ::: The Philadelphia Project reveals an intimate transformation of 16 students in one of the most dangerous schools in America. Shot almost entirely in one classroom over the course of seven months, this cinema vérité film offers a rare glimpse inside the hearts and minds of youth who are rarely asked how they think and feel.
682 ::: Le passeur (1999) ::: Ibrahim, a Kurdish refugee, is hired by a French health care mutual which repatriates the bodies of dead Africans to their countries of origin. The day following his employment, he attends his first body recovery in a Paris-area apartment. All of a sudden Ibrahim is plunged into a baffling universe that will make him a modern Charon, the ferryman who,in Greek mythology, carried the souls of the newly deceased to the world of the dead.
683 ::: Rot City (2015) ::: There is no linear plot to the film just a bunch a scenes partially based on real life events spliced together like a plateau of rot that serves as a metaphor for Blackpool's descent from popular tourist destination to the semi derelict town that you see today which is rife with abuse, poverty and cheap drugs.
684 ::: "Ice and Fire of Youth" (2015) ::: Two family tragedies leave one son seeking revenge while the other son tries to rebuild his life from scratch. Two decades ago in the midst of the financial crisis, Kang Rong Securities acquired the failing Gao Group, causing the shamed Gao Group owner, Gao Qi Liang, to commit suicide. His son grows up and changes his name to Luo Hao (Du Chun) and goes to work at Kang Rong Securities to avenge his father's death.
685 ::: Pandora no tou: Kimi no moto e kaerumade (2011) ::: A young woman, Elena, gets cursed during the Harvest Festival, and is slowly turning into a horrible beast. A young man, Aeron, saves her from the military and travels, along with a old woman, to the great abyss called the Scar. In the middle of the Scar, a great fortress is suspended, with 13 towers. Deep inside these towers lies the cure to Elena's curse. Aeron will have to travel to these towers to collect the cure and save Elena.
686 ::: Gaav Tase Changle Pun Veshila Tangale (1985) ::: Sangamwadi is a nice village, and like every other place is a victim of grouping. There are two groups, one headed by Hindurao Patil and the other led by Appasaheb Desai. On the annual Ganesh festival procession, both the groups clash at the village square and a dispute arises as to who should proceed first .This leads to a fight between the two groups, in which Hindurao Patil is injured badly. During the procession of goddess Gauri, Ratna, Hindurao's sister, slips and accidentally falls into the river. She is saved by Deepak, Appasaheb's brother and love blossoms between the two, much to the resentment of Hindurao, who forbids them from seeing each other. He even insults Deepak publicly which angers Appasaheb, who in a fit of rage, burns down. Owned by Patil, builds a new school to boost his prestige.In retaliation Hindurao blows the school up with the help of dynamite. An irrigation Project has been sanctioned. But since the pipeline will go through Appasaheb's farm, he obtains a stay order. The project comes to a halt which will adversely affect the village. Feeling remorse about his actions Appasaheb decides to dig bore wells. He is helped by his brother Deepak. All this is watched by Pratap Aaglave who poisons Appasahebs mind by feeding false stories about Deepak. A furious Appasaheb, decides to blow the bore wells, and with devious intentions decides to propose to Ratna himself.
687 ::: Tempest Storm (2016) ::: Tempest Storm" is a feature documentary that follows the controversial life story of America's greatest exotic dancer, who at 87 years old is preparing for her final and most important act: to repair her broken relationship with her daughter Patricia, who she walked away from fifty years ago.
688 ::: The University Player (2006) ::: Chance is obsessed with basketball, but when he drives his girlfriend (Stacy) away with his single-mindedness, there is nothing he won't do to get her back. In desperation, he resorts to the help of Uncle Rick, the self-proclaimed head of Players University...
689 ::: Sleepy Heads (1997) ::: Penniless Japanese immigrants in New York. Hiro arrives seeking his fortune as a singer-songwriter. He moves into a cramped flat on the Lower East Side with Akira, a high-school friend, and with Ken, a stick-wielding tough guy who dreams of running a dojo. Ken gets Hiro a job delivering fast food to pay the rent. Hiro's path crosses that of the lovely Akiko, and Ken rescues a young woman in a neighboring flat when a gang boss sends punks to beat her up. These currents cross during a long night when Hiro is to take Akiko to a musical and Akira overdoses on drugs. What to do with the body? Steve McQueen has the answer.
690 ::: Tinnef (2000) ::: Four young brats seem to get influenced by seedy films and television series. When their dates don't show up, they try to put their gained knowledge from TV into practice. They end up trying to rape a girl, but find out the difference between fiction and real life.
691 ::: "Fanarchy TV" (????) ::: Fanarchy TV (AKA, The Fanarchists) is the wildest fandom, pop culture TV show on this or any other planet! If it has a fan base, we're all over it! Traveling comedy series celebrating all things fandom such as cult films, TV, music, conventions, tribute bands, music, sports and anything else with a fan base.
692 ::: Ogift fader sökes (1953) ::: At a summer-evening dance a young girl meets a man who tells her he is a doctor. They go off together, and after that she never sees him again. She learns that she is pregnant and inquires about him at various hospitals, with no success. She reads of his engagement and becomes acquainted with another girl with a situation like her own. At the hospital she discovers that the ward doctor is the man she has been searching for. He is guilt-stricken by her disclosure, but she refuses to let him assume any financial obligation for her unborn-child. He delivers her twins, and she goes to a home for unwed mothers, makes friends and hears other similar stories of seduction and desertion. Meanwhile, the doctor has told his fiancée the story and she is shocked and critical. He breaks the engagement, and goes to the home to ask the girl to marry him.
693 ::: Daylight and Magic Don't Mix (2010) ::: While her boyfriend is in the hospital, aspiring fashion designer, Cayce, meets Luke, who is unlike anyone she has ever met. Luke jolts her out of her monotonous every day routine, and she must decide whether to stay with her boyfriend, or get on with her life.
694 ::: Muhammad and Me: The Larry Holmes Story (2018) ::: The film explores the unique relationship between Larry Holmes and Muhammad Ali. Holmes began as Ali's sparring partner and traveled the world with "The Greatest," but would eventually have to fight his hero in the ring at Caesars Palace. Holmes' love for Ali was shown during the fight as he begged both the referee and Ali's corner to stop the fight. Although he did not know the cause at the time, Larry Holmes knew that something was wrong with Ali. They remained close friends until Ali's recent passing. Larry Holmes served as one of Ali's honorary pallbearers.
695 ::: Breakout (2013/II) ::: Here we step into the world of MAX, the leader of a street mob called THE BISHOPS. Max is driven to great lengths by his need to avenge the murder of his parents by rival mob, THE VIPERS. Along the way, he meets Kelly who teaches dance in an outreach center where all of her students idolize him. Kelly offers the disenfranchised a way to confront their problems through dance from the outside in. When Max's brother is murdered, he redoubles his course of deadly retribution. Faced with being stuck forever in a loop of darkness, Max discovers the possibility of transcendence that only true love brings. Will he find the courage to embrace his true nature?
696 ::: ROH Salvation (2010) ::: Tyler Black defends the ROH World Heavyweight Title against Kevin Steen, the first round of the Tag Wars 2010 tournament is decided, "The Queen of Wrestling" Sara Del Rey faces Amazing Kong, the Kings of Wrestling take on Generation Me in non-title action, and more.
697 ::: Forsaken (2005/I) ::: When a Man is driven to the brink of insanity by his own brutal crime, the last place he expects to find solace is in the form... or image of his victim. With impressive acting and style, Forsaken is a dreamlike inquiry into the relationship between violence and redemption.
698 ::: Larryland (2017) ::: An ageing hedonistic ex-convict convinces an aspiring filmmaker to help him on his mission to avoid a lonely nursing home fate, sparking a film on the clash between manic romanticism and the frightening banality of dying. Blending humour and tragedy, this quirky fairytale-driven animated documentary pushes its audience to face the question: what makes a good death?
699 ::: The Beekeepers (2009) ::: Through interviews with prominent Beekeepers including David Hackenberg, the discoverer of Colony Collapse Disorder, to the ancient writings of Virgil and Aristotle on bees; "The Beekeepers" mixes poetry, myth and science in its quest to understand the current crisis of Colony Collapse Disorder. Using experimental techniques in a mixed medium format, "The Beekeepers" asks, 'if the honeybee is the new canary in the coal mine, what happens if this new canary dies?'
700 ::: Câinele Japonez (2013) ::: When a flood strikes Costache's village in Romania, his wife Maria and all of their possessions are swept away. Now in a village shelter, Costache refuses to sell his land and move onward. He has plans to re-build and refuses help and advice from his neighbors. The village is all he has left, except for an estranged son now living in Tokyo. But when his son Ticu hears of his mother's death and father's plight, he arrives unexpectedly with his Japanese wife and son to bring Costache back home with him. This will not be simple. Ticu fled Romania with many issues left unresolved, the biggest being his relationship with his father. Now there is a whole new family for Costache to deal with, old scores to settle, and painful goodbyes to say.
701 ::: Little Patriot Embraced (????) ::: Join the exploration as Kirsten and Kaitlyn Hoge help to encourage children with military parents to maintain a healthy lifestyle through healthy choices in food, actions and martial arts. The kids learn to accept and channel their emotions in non-violent ways.
702 ::: Right in the Cloaca! (2012) ::: We follow the surfing of one man, who has a new satellite system from DISHWORLD, and get to see the range of channels he chooses to check out. There are old monster movies, sex Olympics, infomercials, religious programming, news, and much, much more! The only dangers he faces are a nosy wife and the lure of sleep. One man and his new satellite system from DISH WORLD have all night. He has 5700 channels of new programming to explore, and the movie follows his surfing through these programs, which range from the mildly bizarre to the downright naughty. Joe just got a new Dishworld Satellite and he's spending his evening surfing the wide world of late-night low-brow TV. Join him as he checks out the 70's horror movie, 'Manphibian,' a rebroadcast of the 2010 SeX Games, 'Extreme' reality shows, movie trailers, infomercials, televangelists, politicians, and porn...
703 ::: I Don't Know Her Name (????) ::: An ontological narrative following the life and death of a young Assamese woman.
704 ::: Building House, Building Future (2016) ::: Under the scorching sun, eight Puyuman adolescents endure Taitung's sweltering heat as they work. Their eyes are deep-set and their skin swarthy. These men fight with gritted teeth to overcome the various obstacles they encounter. Amidst the struggle, they sometimes find themselves in doubt. But with the support of their fellow construction workers, they press onward. With each house built, they become filled with a sense of accomplishment and begin to believe in themselves and their ability to bring happiness to others.
705 ::: "Out of Control" (2012) ::: Out of Control is a laugh-out-loud look at the escapades of Ian and Zoe, two zany friends living together. Ian struggles to open up about his sexuality to a world that can clearly tell, while Zoe desperately tries pursuing a career as a comedian in Hollywood. Both of them searching for true love with outlandish results.
706 ::: Trójka do wziecia (2006) ::: Carefree life of a 16-year-old Inga is broken off with the news of her mother's fatal illness. From one day to the next Inga is left alone with two younger siblings. She has to run away from the welfare workers who want to place her in an emergency shelter for children. Inga wander with the kids from her boyfriend's to her aunt's. Like it or not, she becomes a mother for the kids. For the sacrifices she receives unusual recompense...
707 ::: Frauenschicksale (1952) ::: Berlin, seven years after WWII. Four women are looking for happiness and a good man in the divided city. Their destinies are loosely connected through one person: the West Berlin dandy and womanizer, Conny. Released at the peak of East German cultural and political dogmatism, the film was heavily critiqued, especially by female party leaders who objected that its portrayal of the four women did not represent the qualities that characterized women in the new society. Now considered as a richly contradictory work, Destinies of Women represents an encore production by the Dudow/Eisler/Brecht creative team that also made Kuhle Wampe in 1932.
708 ::: Gyeoulro ganeun macha (1982) ::: After a painful divorce, Yun-hie finally finds happiness with a man who loves her. However, on the day of their marriage, her husband collapses during the ceremomy and falls into a coma. The man's mother and sister blame Yun-hie for this turn of events, but the man's son from a previous marriage defends her while, at the same time, putting the moves on her.
709 ::: Dashi Journey (2017) ::: Chef S. Namae ventures from his fine dining restaurant in Tokyo to the extreme ends his home country to discover the origins of the invisible but ubiquitous foundation of Japanese cuisine: Dashi broth. As he immerses himself in the lives of fishermen and food craftsmen, he is moved by the dignity, humor, and generosity of people who themselves are invisible to society.
710 ::: Junk Mail (????) ::: December 1999. Bidford. Nestled in the British Countryside. Rolling hills, quaint cottages, a local pub where the landlord keeps your pewter clean - the kind of place where the Postman knows your name. Ray Meekley, late 20s, is that Postman and he knows more than your name. He's been reading the letters and opening the parcels of the residents of Bidford since he dropped out of college almost a decade ago. There isn't much he doesn't know about the locals - When wealthy Americans Richard and Hilary Easton and their kids Henry and Alex move into Bidford's grandest house Christmas really has come early for Ray. It isn't long before he's uncovering the real reason for their move down from Hampstead and falling in love with daughter, gorgeous 21-year-old Alex. Meanwhile, at the post office, Cath Greenrath arrives in town, sent from Postal HQ to stamp out the mail tampering that pervades postie culture. At the same time cracks are beginning to appear in Ray's relationship with kindly retired pilot Seymour Fairfax. Before long the cracks are appearing in Ray's mind too as his obsession with Alex reaches terrifying heights and the stage is set for a bloody showdown on Christmas Day - Junk Mail - where The Archers meets Straw Dogs.
711 ::: We Are Journalists (2014) ::: Ahmad Jalali Farahani works as a journalist in Iran. On 27 December 2009, he sees an innocent man being killed on the street, but neither Ahmad or his colleagues dare write about the murder. The journalists are hard-pressed and struggle daily against censorship and control, and even the otherwise conservative newspaper Tehran Emrooz gets to know the wrath of President Ahmadinejad, when it is ordered closed after the publication of one single critical picture.
712 ::: The Navajo Riders (2010) ::: In the 2008 Navajo Nation Council Horse Ride the council delegates ride to different parts of the Navajo Nation to learn about the needs and concerns of the Navajo people at town hall meetings at chapter houses, the same way as their ancestors did. Chapter houses are the local form of government. The seven-day horseback ride covers 3 states and 510 miles through the Navajo Nation. This amazing journey takes us through the Navajo Volcanic Field, narrow canyons, high mountain passes, and desert land where we will see wild mustangs, dinosaur tracks, and ancient Anazasi structures built over thousands of years ago. This is an open window to the Navajo culture. Listen to one of the original Navajo code talkers share his experiences two weeks before his passing and learn about the efforts of the Navajo people to keep their traditions and culture alive.
713 ::: 30 for 30: World Beaters (2017) ::: "World Beaters" tells the enchanting history of the Little League Baseball World Series tournament in which Maine-Endwell, an undefeated team from the southern tier of New York State, becomes the smallest community ever to win the Series. Directed by Jonathan Hock (Of Miracles and Men, The Best That Never Was) and produced by Thomas Tull (former Chairman and CEO of Legendary Entertainment, Pittsburgh Steelers minority owner and Endwell native), the documentary brings the pure love of baseball to life through appearances from current and former Little League and MLB players. Maine-Endwell didn't just win the 2016 Little League World Series. By beating the favored team from Seoul, South Korea (2-1) in the championship game, they completed a perfect season, ended Asia's string of four straight titles and put the "Little" back in an event that began in Williamsport in 1947 with regional teams and now attracts a worldwide audience of more than two million viewers. How did they do it? In the words of the Seoul Little League team coach, "They brought their dreams with them."
714 ::: Hu Tu Tu (1999) ::: Panna is the only daughter of politician Maltidevi. Panna is very critical of her mother, when she decides to separate from her dad, and asked Chief Minister Sawantrao Gadre to move in with them, for political reasons. Sawantrao has been using Maltidevi to win his election, which he does. Malti avenges this humiliation, wins the next election, and has Sawantrao killed. Malti then becomes the new Chief Minister. The main thorns on her side are Bhau, the leader of the downtrodden lower caste dalits, and her very daughter, who is very friendly with Bhau. One day Panna is abducted by Aditya and his group of revolutionaries, and held by them. It is there that Panna learns about the atrocities committed by her mom in the name of politics, and it is then she must decide whether to be loyal to her mom, or take the side of Aditya and the revolutionaries.
715 ::: The Galloping Ace (1924) ::: When Jim Jordon, a war hero, cannot get back his old ranch job, he takes work at a ranch owned by Anne Morse. He soon learns that Kincaid, the owner of a nearby marble quarry, is plotting to seize some of Miss Morse's land. Jordan puts a quash to Kincaid's plans and finds romance with Anne.
716 ::: Vorwärts (1995) ::: The inside of a Viennese section of the Austrian Socialist Party (SPOe). The number of members has gone down, but otherwise everything is still the same. The group of indefatigable comrades and their new district representative, Brigitte Ederer, are accompanied in their groundwork; at the weekly section meetings, in their work in the district parliamentary party, at outdoor festivals, pensioners' parties and children's discos, collecting contributions door to door, during arduous confrontation with the inhabitants of the locality, and, not least, at the district elections. The election result of 9th October 1994 was a disaster for the party.
717 ::: WWF in Your House: Final Four (1997) ::: WWF Championship Match: Bret Hart vs. Vader vs. Stone Cold Steve Austin vs. The Undertaker, Intercontinental Title: Rocky Maivia vs. Hunter Hearst Helmsley, Tag Team Championship: Owen Hart and The British Bulldog vs. Doug Furnas and Phil LaFon, Goldust, Flash Funk and Bart Gunn vs. The Nation of Domination, Marc Mero vs. Leif Cassidy.
718 ::: The Artist (2001) ::: Frank Rivers dreams of becoming an artist. He believes that if he works hard enough, trying every art-form on the planet, he will have success. But life as a struggling artist is poor and being from a rough neighborhood in Brooklyn doesn't make it any easier. Trying to finance his career he borrows money from a friend of the family. But there's a problem: the friend is a sworn member of the mob.
719 ::: Junoon (1979) ::: The movie chronicles the period of 1857 to 1858 when the soldiers of the East India Company mutinied and many smaller kingdoms joined the soldiers in the hope of regaining their territories from the English. The movie is shown from the perspective of one of the leaders of the fight (Shashi Kapoor). Following the establishment of the East India Company in 1857, some Mughals, led by Sarfaraz Khan, decided to rebel against their British masters, killing many, and forcing others to flee. Three women from the Labadoor family, Grandma, Mariam, and Ruth, seek shelter with a local money-lender, Lala Ramjimal, who would like to recover his money from the Labadoors and has a vented interest in their survival. But he is unable to keep their presence secret, and Javed Khan and his men storm into his home, and take the three women to Javed's house. Under normal circumstances, these three would have been beheaded and Ramjimal and his family severely punished, but Javed would like to make Ruth his second wife. Mariam and Javed's wife, Firdaus, strongly oppose this move, but Javed is clearly obsessed by Ruth's beauty and nothing will deter him from marrying her. Then things gets really complicated when Ruth starts having feelings for Javed, and the British seek retribution for those killed by the Mughals.
720 ::: Happy Is the Bride (1958) ::: In a quiet summer corner of Wiltshire that is forever England, David and Janet decide to tie the knot. Unfortunately this is the cue for everyone else to take over proceedings, to the dismay of the couple and the increasing despair of Janet's father. One way or another the wedding - if there is one - is going to be an unforgettable occasion.
721 ::: The Thieves, the Director, Her Actress & Their Studio Exec (2000) ::: Two thugs kidnap a bondage movie director and when the director's star attempts a rescue, they rope and gag the blonde cutie as well. The red-haired studio executive decides to attempt another rescue rather than paying the ransom and she quickly falls into captivity, as well. In the second story line, a novelist tries to bring some verisimilitude to her heroine's plight and requests a friend tie her up. Unfortunately for the writer, the friend becomes a bondage enthusiast, tying the unfortunate women much tighter and longer than she bargained for.
722 ::: No More Road Trips? (2013) ::: NO MORE ROAD TRIPS?, a dream ride through 20th-century America made entirely from home movies, asks whether we've come to the end of the open road. Have we reached "peak travel"? Can we still find fortune (and ourselves) on the highway? Are we nomads or stay-at-homes? A journey from the Atlantic Coast to California made from a collection of 9,000 home movies, NO MORE ROAD TRIPS? reveals hidden histories embedded in the landscape and seeks to blend the pleasures of travel with premonitions of its end.
723 ::: Kaiso for July 27 (1991) ::: An impressionistic 22-minute documentary from Trinidad & Tobago looking at the aftermath of the surprise attempted coup on the Caribbean island by a small Islamic group in 1990. Calypso music is interspersed throughout to comment on the political situation in Trinidad.
724 ::: The Nutcracker (1987) ::: Tchaikovsky composed The Nutcracker during four months in 1891. A large part of the ballet was written at sea on a journey from Europe to the United States. Perhaps the most beloved of all ballet, The Nutcracker had its premiere at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg in 1892. Based on Hoffman's fairy tale, The Nutcracker and the Mouse King, the beloved classical ballet takes place one Christmas Eve in a nineteenth century Russian town. Uncle Drosselmeyer, a conjurer and magician, delights the entire family with tricks and magic gifts. He gives Marie, his young niece, a rather plain looking doll in a red uniform. Marie loves the doll which has an unusual mouth ("...so strong it can crack nuts") -a toy mechanical nutcracker. Marie's brother breaks the doll in jealousy, and Uncle Drosselmeyer places it under the Christmas tree to mend. Marie falls asleep under the tree with her broken doll in her arms and enters a dream world where the Christmas tree shoots up to the sky and all the toys come alive!
725 ::: Girltalk (1987) ::: A poignant coming of age and compelling documentary. The movie follows three teens growing up in 1980's New York. Pinky, Mars and Martha all three girls share a common thread of trajedy , pain and abandonment. Gripping in its raw and intimitate protrayal of the girls everyday lives. Girltalk is a must see movie. This is truly one of the rarest forms of the beauty and heartbreaking tale of survival.
726 ::: Never Say Die Matildas (2008) ::: Never Say Die Matildas follows the Australian Women's Football Team during a rollercoaster year in which, against all odds, they became one of the nation's most successful sporting teams. From missing out on the Olympic Games to making the FIFA World Cup quarter finals, the resilient team fought to the bitter end on the field and represented Australia with tremendous pride.
727 ::: Knock (????) ::: Eunsu loves Jung-woo(Psychiatrist), who is so kind and attentive, but she also feels some anxiety and ominousness. Jung-woo makes her so get tired of him with his delusional jealousy. One day, Eunsu meets Geunho, who is attractive on different points from Jung-woo. As Eunsu meets Geunho, she realizes that she release her stress from Jung-woo by meeting Geunho. However, as their relationship goes on, Eunsu got a weird feeling that no one knows Geunho, even his existence. Police starts to take care of Eunsu and chases Geunho as a suspect for all incidents, but failed to get any clue. The situation goes worse after Jung-woo attacked from someone, and Eunsu gets confused even more and more.
728 ::: M or F (2015) ::: M or F is a documentary that promotes the visibility of trans men and women, as well as those outside the gender binary. The terms 'gender' and 'sex' are pulled into question, as they are redefined through the words of the individuals within this community. This piece addresses barriers put into place by this narrow understanding of gender, and sends a message of hope to those struggling to overcome them.
729 ::: New Years Eve (2008) ::: Time is an illusion, a dimension that structures human experiences. Despite of being an absolute and universal concept, the idea of Time is only understandable to a minority species that inhabit the Planet because only rational agents record changes in the environment through Time. New Years Eve is a video art work that speaks about Time as an imaginary concept.
730 ::: Loving Hearts (1910) ::: The young author writes a story, and a love letter does not please him. He writes a new letter and the old one flutters to the floor. His sister sees it, and, thinking only of her sweetheart, believes that the long delayed proposal has been made at last. In her excitement she drops the letter, which is found by the butler, who replaces it on the table. The housekeeper thinks he meant it for her and she, in her excitement, drops it, when it is taken up by the maid. The grocery boy has been slow to speak, but she is happy now and runs off to tell the cook. The arrival of the policeman on the beat prevents the full tale and the maid, too, drops the letter. The policeman picks up the letter and hands it to the cook, supposing she had dropped it. She thinks he means it and embraces him. He tells her that he did not write the letter but that he wishes he had, and they ratify the engagement, returning the letter to the maid. She sees the grocer's boy coming and hurries to meet him at the door. Naturally he is surprised at her effusiveness but is entirely willing to become engaged even though he did not write the letter. The butler becomes engaged to the housekeeper. Harold speaks to the author's sister, and at last the letter is returned to the writer and explanations follow.
731 ::: Fuga de cerebros (1998) ::: A teenage Argentine street gang are targeted for revenge by the overweight street cop whom they wrongfully accused of police brutality. Gang leader Fideo was born in the U.S. and speaks both English and Spanish. He dreams of returning to the US to become a recording star.
732 ::: Chaleurs (1971) ::: A coming of age story; Philippe, a photography enthusiast, spends a holiday in the country estate of her aunt Nadia. He has sex with their maid when they are left alone in the house. But he also has incestuous desire for his aunt. after his uncle also has sex with maid, he gets the opportunity for his aunt.
733 ::: Magicians of the Earth: Senis Children (1992) ::: Seni Camara believes that through a "gift of God" she has been able to create thousands of bizarre, magnificent creatures - clay sculptures of astonishing originality: strange half-human beings giving birth to little laughing creatures - heads come out of knees and bodies grow out of other bodies. These are Senis fertility sculptures - her children.
734 ::: Sex on Demand (2014) ::: Sex on Demand is a 10 part, non-profit documentary, meant to be experienced after watching the narrative film 10 Seconds. Each segment is meant to bring knowledge about a specific angle of either sex addiction or human trafficking, and also inspire a response. There are a lot of films that address social issues. 10 Seconds was one of those films. But the question afterwards is always, "what can I do about that?" Sex on Demand is meant to answer that question. It asks tough questions and tries to provide real answers. It addresses both the rampant sex addiction and human trafficking in very eye opening ways and hopes to provide practical and real responses that can not only be educational, but motivational in living differently.
735 ::: Hollywood Chronicles (1990) ::: Hollywood Chronicles was first seen in the US in 1989 as a weekly series on the Discovery Channel cable service. Jackie Cooper hosts this authoritative but informal journey through 90 years of Hollywood history. Though most of the clips shown are from the usual "public domain" sources, they are carefully chosen and attractively presented.
736 ::: #Sohvr (????) ::: You are an embedded journalist traveling with a small US Army special forces team as they battle "The Soldiers of Heaven" - a religious cult in Iraq that tried to start a Muslim Armageddon during the Ashura festival. This battle with the SOH ended with over 300 deaths : men, women and children. This project is based on a true story that was covered up... and now you have a chance to try and find the truth. Armed with a virtual camera you will film your own version of the story as it unfolds in an immersive 3D world. You can later re watch your footage as your own movie on Youtube. This immersive journalism experience combines live action with 3D animation. It is being built with the Unreal 4 game engine.
737 ::: Across the Water (1983) ::: When Martin 's adopted daughter is kidnapped from their English home by a mysterious figure from Ireland, Martin decides to go in pursuit and finds himself across the water exploring his own background as a Protestant in Ulster. The film is both a chase thriller and David Rudkin 's personal view of the situation in Northern Ireland.
738 ::: Hustisya (2014) ::: A foul-mouthed woman fights for her soul in the belly of the city. Working for a human trafficking agency controlled by a powerful syndicate, she sees no evil, hears no evil. In a society like ours, you have only two choices - to be a victim, or a victimizer - she makes her choice.
739 ::: "Replaced" (2012) ::: Still grieving from the death of his son and the divorce from his wife that ensued from the tragedy, U.S. Marshal Alexander Finche finds himself the target in a genetic conspiracy and framed for a murder he didn't commit. Alex leads a fugitive case and crosses paths with a former geneticist, but now convicted felon Jesse Sinclair, who was once an integral part of the plot against Alex, but has now been cast out of the organization, discredited and humiliated in front of his former peers. Alex and his partner Samantha Baine are on the trail of a man named Darren Anderson, a powerful person with whom Sinclair is very familiar and whom he fears. Sinclair knows about Alex's past, his divorce, the death of his son, and how his life has spiraled out of control since searching for Anderson. On the hunt for Alex is an ex-military Special Forces veteran, Carter Bell, who now heads a government sanctioned private military agency. Bell, instrumental in causing the death of Alex's son, is relentless and will stop at nothing to capture Alex, even killing those that stand in his way. Those that are not killed are simply REPLACED. Now on the run with his own longtime partner Sam hunting him, Alex must unravel the plot against him, clear his name, and find the elusive architect behind this massive conspiracy that reaches the highest levels he didn't think possible.
740 ::: Cutthroats (1994) ::: The unhappy employees of a company that puts out a product called "Cankers Away" are made even more unhappy when the company is taken over by a dictatorial executive and his nasty assistant. Things get so bad that the employees are forced to plot an uprising against their new bosses.
741 ::: I-VIEW (2015) ::: Thanks to his perseverance, the Italian Simone Moro has written pages of alpinism history, above all of winter alpinism on peaks over 8000 meters high. I-VIEW tells about his adventure as a helicopter pilot and his dream of bringing helicopter rescue to the Himalayas.
742 ::: Robin Hood: Prince of Sherwood (1994) ::: Robin Hood is back with his gang of outlaws to do battle with the dark forces of the Sheriff of Nottingham. With his lands taken and father murdered, he and his gang of outlaws are forced to live in Sherwood forest and raid the Sheriff whenever needed. Not content with his life of crime, Robin Hood pleads with his men to overthrow the Sheriff once and for all. However, the Sheriff has plans of his own for Robin. In a stunning move, the Sheriff and his allies kidnap Lady Marian and hold her prisoner. In one last and desperate battle Robin Hood leads an assault upon Nottingham Castle to rescue his love, and bring balance back to England. Will the King return in time?
743 ::: Herbarium (2013) ::: 'Herbarium' is a cinematographic observation based on the changes in the classification of plants. Going from classical taxonomy to genetic data-storage, Visser wonders what is left when the plant its separated from its physical features. What is a plant to us, without the sensation of smell, texture and its visual appearance? In a long abandoned tropical greenhouse formerly used by the biology faculty of Wageningen University, during a full moon night, the dry plants are reanimated, in a visual language where nature is shown as an artefact, devoid of any natural context.
744 ::: "Bookmark" (2013) ::: For many Americans, reading isn't just a Saturday-morning pastime - it's a true passion. To that end, the RLTV series, Bookmark, takes a deep dive into the worlds of people for whom reading is nothing less than a lifestyle. From romance-novel authors' conventions to the auctioning of rare first editions, the magazine-style series takes a novel look at how Americans spend time with books, and uncovers the hidden world of reading culture. Watching an episode of Bookmark is a lot like browsing through your favorite bookstore, aisle by aisle and shelf by shelf, with an opportunity for reinvention, transformation and empowerment at every turn. Each episode drops the viewer into a variety of unique situations populated by unforgettable people. Viewers will meet authors, agents, readers, and booksellers of all kinds.
745 ::: On the Road with the 2009 Phantom Regiment (2009) ::: In the Red Violin, Phantom Regiment tells a poignant story of love, deception, forgiveness and redemption. Act 1 focuses on a young, poor musician trying to support his new bride. After finding a magical violin, he becomes a virtuoso and is showered with praise and riches. He is carried away by sudden fame and adulation in Act 2, and after a triumphant concert, a seductress steals his heart from his loyal wife. Act 3 opens as he's in a rapturous nightclub dance with the seductress. At the opportune moment, she steals his violin and flees into the night. Distraught to the point of hysteria in Act 4, he curses his stupidity and begs his wife for forgiveness. Reunited, they set off to confront the thief, and upon finding her, recover the violin. And then, in true storybook fashion, they live happily ever after. On the Road 2009 is an up close and personal look at one of the toughest, yet life-changing, summers in Phantom Regiment history. A critically acclaimed film by Robert Cawthorne and winner of the 2010 On the Waterfront Film Festival, shot entirely in HD, this documentary follows the 150 members and staff every step of the way. From inside the design meetings to the final step off in Lucas Oil Stadium, you'll have unprecedented access to one of the World's most beloved Drum Corps. This is our 2009 story.
746 ::: Rage Against the Darkness (2004) ::: A documentary about life in nursing homes presented in 3 episodes. "Bunny and Leona" Two sisters split apart into seperate nursing homes after 30 years of living together. "Gert's Secret" A 102-year-old woman struggle to maintain her happiness. "Living Dangerously" Phillip Rowley and Helen Beck try to cope with life without being sent to a nursing home.
747 ::: Une partie de plaisir (1975) ::: Phillipe and Esther live an apparently idyllic life with their daughter, Elise. In an attempt to preserve this bliss, Phillipe decides that he and Esther should each have affairs, being sure to tell each other openly about them. The plan backfires with tragic results as Phillipe becomes engulfed in jealously.
748 ::: The Making of Special: '20,000 Leagues Under the Sea' (1997) ::: This made-for-tv documentary treats adventure fans to a behind-the-scenes look at the making of 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, an Australian-made adaption of Jules Verne's classic novel. Includes interviews with star Michael Caine, along with the rest of the cast and crew of the film, who share their experiences from working on the project, as well as discuss the special efforts that went into bringing it to completion.
749 ::: Deep Purple: From Here to InFinite (2017) ::: Three weeks before the official launch date of the new album "inFinite" of rock legend Deep Purple CineStar presents the accompanying film "From Here To InFinite" on the big screen. The exclusive cinema premiere of the film, which offers captivating insights into the genesis of the upcoming studio album, took place on March 16,, 2017 at 8pm. In addition, fans can hear for the first time and world-exclusive three songs from the brand new album "inFinite". "From Here To InFinite" accompanies five legendary musicians on their moving journey to Nashville to record their latest album - and once again find out that the power of music and friendship will never end. As close as in this 90-minute film, Deep Purple never had cameras close by. The new studio album "inFinite" of the recently recorded Rock and Roll Hall of Fame musicians was released on April 7, 2017 and is the successor of the worldwide chart success and in Germany with Gold Award-winning album "NOW What ?!". In May, Deep Purple in Germany will go on "inFinite - The Long Goodbye" tour.
750 ::: America Wild (2016) ::: Narrated by Academy AwardŽ winner Robert Redford, America Wild: National Parks Adventure takes audiences on the ultimate off-trail adventure into the nation's awe-inspiring great outdoors and untamed wilderness. Immersive IMAXŽ 3D cinematography takes viewers soaring over red rock canyons, hurtling up craggy mountain peaks and into other-worldly realms found within America's most legendary outdoor playgrounds, including Yellowstone, Glacier National Park, Yosemite, the Everglades and Arches. Celebrate the 100-year anniversary of the national parks with world-class mountaineer Conrad Anker, adventure photographer Max Lowe and artist Rachel Pohl as they hike, climb and explore their way across America's majestic parks in an action-packed expedition that will inspire the adventurer in us all. A MacGillivray Freeman film produced in association with Brand USA and presented by Expedia, Inc. and Subaru of America, Inc. Major support provided by the Giant Dome Theater Consortium.
751 ::: Premonition (2005) ::: After a violent car wreck nearly takes his life, Detective Jack Barnes begins having inexplicable and terrifying premonitions of horrible disasters. At first his warning calls go unheeded, but as the premonitions begin to come true Jack is shocked to find himself wanted for questioning by the FBI. He goes on the run, narrowly avoiding both the FBI and a band of terrorists on the verge of unleashing a deadly attack. As he scrambles to unlock the meaning of the visions, he must race against the clock to stop the terrorists before they can strike again.
752 ::: Fehér farkas (2015) ::: Every single day Niki visits the white wolf, the lone prisoner of the city zoo. She would do anything to get into the cage of the dangerous animal. The young gypsy girl keeps facing the strict regulations set by the strong male community of the zoo. Through her sexual exploitation we learn the young outsider's suppressed position in a wild male dominated world. The story, however, ends with a magical twist.
753 ::: Mama i tata (2006) ::: The year is two thousand and something. An elderly couple live alone in a flat in Sarajevo, with their own rituals: drinking coffee, playing cards, watching TV. The husband (Dad) has had a stroke and although he is still physically strong, he has difficulties in communication. The wife (Mum) is a lively elderly lady who is, after 50 years, now using the husbands disability to change the things around in this old-fashioned, patriarchal family. Dad must not allow that and he opposes it in the only way he can, with physical force.
754 ::: Mending Spirits (2005) ::: A documentary film about the emotional, spiritual and psychological journeys of women who leave abusive relationships. Three women tell how they reclaimed their lives in the aftermath of domestic violence. Their stories are echoed by voices from around the world.
755 ::: Le semeur (2017) ::: Violette is old enough to get married when her village in the Lower Alps is cruelly deprived of all its men by the repression that followed the republican uprising of December 1851. For the next two years, the village is completely cut off. The women swear an oath that if a man should come, he will become their shared husband, so that life may continue to flourish in each of their wombs.
756 ::: Sisters (2016/III) ::: What if all you ever wanted was to take a deep breath? Praying for a miracle, sixteen-year-old Hannah Heinz has fought Cystic Fibrosis all of her life. When she meets twelve-year-old soccer player Sammy Foster and her family, she discovers the real reason for living it. Sixteen-year-old Hannah Heinz has lived with Cystic Fibrosis all her life. Sammy Foster is a twelve-year-old soccer star wannabe. When Hannah, a former select team player, offers to teach Sammy how to kick, an unlikely friendship develops, their families growing closer even as Hannah's debilitating disease takes its toll.
757 ::: Lonely Girl (????) ::: An isolated young woman accidentally runs down and badly hurts a suspected killer. Terrified for her life, she locks him in her basement. And then she decides to keep him.
758 ::: French Baroque: Now and Then (2009) ::: This DVD/VHS program, THE ART OF BAROQUE DANCE : Folies d'Espagne from Page to Stage (DVD in English and French; VHS in English only) explores the elements that enable us to better understand the historical preservation of dance, from the academic page to its transformation into a vibrant performance. This fascinating video, produced in France, reveals the 17th century Baroque dance of the sophisticated era of King Louis XIV. The king, himself an excellent dancer, ordered the invention of a notation system for dance to teach, codify, and spread this art. The French still continue to celebrate 17th century dance today. It is considered to be the most perfect form of art, uniting all of the qualities needed to educate one's body and soul. View the Video Created by dancers in Paris, the new video, THE ART OF BAROQUE DANCE, is generously layered with a wealth of historic architectural and artistic images. The video's director/choreographer, Natalie Van Parys, has an outstanding French Baroque heritage. Through this video, her lifetime of knowledge and experience enable the next generation to appreciate a venerable art from the past. In this important DVD/VHS, one famous dance, "Folies d'Espagne", is beautifully explored. This popular dance, with its music, has been selected because it features short highly expressive pieces. Each variation has its own temperament, which is inspiration for that choreography. By viewing the re-creation of this one Baroque dance, "Folies d'Espagne", the viewer can trace 5 important characteristics portrayed in this dance performance: .Dance notation .Treatment of space .Arm embellishments .Relation to music .Interpretation of the dancer Thus, this video explores the creative process of researching, reconstructing, re-creating, and performing a Baroque dance. With THE ART OF BAROQUE DANCE : Folies d'Espagne from Page to Stage the public will be able to uncover the secrets of the interpretation of a dance, discover its beauty, better understand the elegance and virtuosity of the French Baroque style, and enter into the world of the very close relationship that existed between dance and music in the 17th century.
759 ::: Coldwood (2012) ::: Single mother Ashley travels to Alaska to work with her Uncle Clive, a con man swindling money from people who believe their homes are haunted. As Ashley tackles her own demons the team must face real supernatural forces beyond anything they've ever experienced.
760 ::: Prostitute Killer (2005) ::: In the city of Macau, many dead bodies of young prostitutes appear in almost everyday of the week. During the investigation turns out it's not a serial killer but a brutal hit man act but why? Later a woman calling herself the Empress reveal she is part of a cult calling themselves "taking sinners of the streets " and has succeeded their work from South Korea to China and now they are in Macao city to proceed further. Will the police succeed to end this cult and who is this Empress?
761 ::: Aurora (2006) ::: 2 years have passed since the cargo ship AURORA went missing, she was on her return journey to earth with her valuable cargo of triplet ore. however her anti matter drive ruptured, the crew sent out a SOS signal but it never reached earth, now only two survivors float through the dark emptiness of space........
762 ::: Seat of Judgement (2014) ::: Lionel Ravensthorpe is a clandestine businessman who is seized and subjected to an unusual form of interrogation. Is Lionel really one of the world's most powerful individuals? Can he convince his mild mannered abductor to help him regain his liberty, or does his captor have a more sinister motive?
763 ::: The Curse of the Mummy's Tomb (1964) ::: When European Egyptologists Dubois, Giles and Bray discover the tomb of the Egyptian prince Ra, American entrepreneur and investor Alexander King insists on shipping the treasures and sarcophagus back to England for tour and display. Once there, someone with murderous intent has discovered the means of waking the centuries dead prince... When British archaeologists disturb the tomb of Ra, they have to deal with a curse that condemns anyone involved to death. The American showman who paid for the expedition, Alexander King, insists in taking the precious artifacts to London for an exhibition even though he could have left them for the local authorities who were prepared to pay a hefty price for them. As a result they not only have to face the curse but the wrath of Egyptians who have vowed have the precious find returned. When King finally has his first public showing, he finds that the sarcophagus is empty, the mummy having been taken or - more ominously - come to life to seek revenge.
764 ::: Open Access (2013) ::: The Open Access documentary is an anthology film made up of five separate short documentaries that take place after the Ukrainian Parliament approves a law on "Access to public information." Each of the documentaries follows the actions of one or several civic rights activists as they attempt to change their communities by invoking their new rights to access government information. The 'Mezhihirya' short follows the efforts of two well known Ukrainian reporters and their colleagues to film the presidential residence just outside the capital of Kyiv. Along the way they are met by resistance from national authorities unwilling to reveal what lies beyond its walls. The 'Afghan War Veteran' tells the story of how the war veteran copes with finding an apartment for himself and his family as he does his best to participate in his community. The 'House with Chimeras' centers around the abandoned building the middle of Kyiv that formally housed Murashko, a famous Ukrainian artist. The story follows Alexander Glukhov, who takes up the duty to defend the landmark from local authorities. 'School' follows Alexander Korshak a civil activist and a caring father in his attempts to re-open the recently closed schools in his area, in an effort to provide the local children with an education. The last short: 'Cornered' tells the story of an all-but-abandoned village of Panasivka and one of its residents: Zoya Shulga. The village has become home to only pensioners and is slowly being forgotten by the world, but once public transport stops, Zoya draws the line there and attempts to consolidate efforts in an attempt to save the villagers from complete isolation.
765 ::: Fado majeur et mineur (1994) ::: Pierre, a middle-aged tourist guide, is the victim of a sudden failure : he does not recognize anything about him any longer. He goes back home and in his apartment he finds a mysterious young man who tells him he is here to avenge a young woman who has taken her own life. What share of responsibility does Pierre hold in this situation?
766 ::: Miles in the Life (2017) ::: Using the cover of an Atlanta limousine driver, Jabari Hayes trafficked large quantities of cocaine across the country for the then largest African American drug organization in the southeast known as Black Mafia Family, often referred to as BMF.
767 ::: To Your Health (2011) ::: An in-depth study of whole food, plant-based nutrition, debunking the most common myths associated with modern nutrition. Exploring your need for protein, calcium, supplements, metabolism, and other issues, "To Your Health" provides answers to your biggest questions. Follow Julieanna Hever (a.k.a The Plant-Based Dietitian) as she travels the country to interview the biggest names in the Plant-Based world including Dr. T. Colin Campbell (The China Study), Dr. Joel Fuhrman (Eat to Live), Dr. John McDougall (The McDougall Program), Dr. Neal Barnard (Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine) and many more.
768 ::: Abiku (2005) ::: Abiku , a daughter from an African past returns to aid a corrupted political system by turning the tides of injustice in a post colonial era where religion is used as an instrument for domestic abuse and world domination. This experimental film uses African mythology, surrealism and classical montage techniques to generate an intresting cultural collage.
769 ::: Rescue (2008) ::: A troubled man, John Patrick, is witness to a car crash and must decide whether or not to help save another man. In his mind if he saves the man he will receive accolades for his heroism. The most important person in his life, his son, will see him as a hero and his depressing workplace will surprise him with a promotion. His good deed does not go unnoticed but this quickly leads to a nightmarish twist, and his own downfall, as the world learns of his criminal past and the dangerous men he works for come back to take away everything that is most important to him. John's other option is to let the man trapped in the burning car die. In one moment one decision is made that will forever change the lives of these men.
770 ::: Kick in Iran (2010) ::: Sarah Khoshjamal is the first female professional athlete from Iran who has ever qualified for the Olympic Games. The film shows her long and stony road to Beijing 2008 - a struggle for recognition in a society based on strict religious laws, in which women still play a subordinate role.
771 ::: Six Musicians and the City (2017) ::: Between East and West, between strong traditions and today's innovations, between the nostalgic melodies of duduk and the beat of modern jazz, is Yerevan. Six musicians, six styles, six personal stories behind one of the most musical cities in the former Soviet Union. At the end of the 20th century after the collapse of the Soviet Union, Yerevan survived wars, the blockade, a period of "darkness and hunger" and almost total isolation. Now it is changing dramatically, searching for its own identity, its path of development and its place in the world in the new millennium. The six participants of this film, including Grammy and World Music Award Laureate Arto Tuncboyaciyan and world-wide famous "duduk-voice" Jivan Gasparyan, are the "genius loci" of Yerevan. They personify its hidden pain and beauty. The film captures Tatiana Daniliyants' ten years of research and an attentive eye for these musicians' own stories and their extraordinary music.
772 ::: Shadows of the Moulin Rouge (1913) ::: Dr. Chevrele takes a fancy to his benefactor's wife, unknown to the latter, Mr. Dupont. Dr. Chevrele manifests his admiration for Mrs. Dupont and is repulsed. Later, in revenge, he manages to secure the body of a woman of the streets who has all the facial characteristics of his friend's wife, and substitutes her for Mrs. Dupont, whom he spirits away to a low dive. When Mrs. Dupont awakens from the artificial slumber, she is led to believe that she is a notorious Moulin Rouge habitue. When Mr. Dupont returns from a decoy trip and finds his supposed wife lifeless in her boudoir, he calls for his friend, Dr. Chevrele. The doctor pronounces her dead beyond doubt. While tenderly caressing the lifeless form of his wife, the husband notices several marks on the woman's hand which makes him doubt the real identity of the body. When he violently questions the doctor in regard to this peculiar circumstance, the doctor cunningly motions to those about that the shock has unbalanced the unfortunate man. Immediately the physician spirits Mr. Dupont to an insane asylum, where he is incarcerated in a padded cell. The well-bred Mrs. Dupont, living in the unaccustomed atmosphere of the Parisian underworld, meets with many horrifying experiences and adventures. Her husband escapes from the asylum and is soon able to trace his wife through the designing efforts of the doctor.
773 ::: Every Emotion Costs (2010) ::: An exploration of the reality of returning home on the reserve to face family, community and death. We follow Quilla and her sister June as they return to bury their mentally ill mother. They were abandoned by their mother sixteen years ago and haven't returned home for over seven years. From medications to love, addiction revels in the characters lives, edifying their own personal rituals, pain, lust and disappointment. All this leads them through ceremony. It is family that helps Quilla and June to find their true calling in life.
774 ::: Lily in Love (1984) ::: Broadway star Fitzroy Wynn is thrilled when his wife Lily writes a new script with a brilliant lead role. While ego-centric Fitz thinks himself perfect for the role, Lily dashes his hopes when she admits she wants to find someone different for the part. Fitz refuses to give up his pursuit. Enlisting the reluctant help of his agent, Fitz poses as Roberto Terranova- a young Italian actor and the exact model of what Lily wants for the role. But trouble arises when Lily appears to be falling for the charming Italian and Fitz is left to wonder just how serious she was about finding someone different.
775 ::: Cardilli addolorati (2003) ::: Sad Cardilli is a tale, that through testimonies, bird and people songs, tells about an extraordinary world that hides along the borders of ordinary reality in the south of Italy. From the poachers who hand down the "art" generation after generation, and ex prisoner who, initiated to ornithologic passion in jail, are forced to survive catching and selling forbidden birds.
776 ::: "The Naughty Kitchen with Chef Blythe Beck" (2009) ::: Take one fiery young chef on a quest for Total World Culinary Domination, mix her with distinctive and sexy New American cuisine, add a cutting edge Dallas restaurant with a loud cast of characters...and you've got the recipe for "The Naughty Kitchen with Chef Blythe Beck." Blythe, a 29-year old Texas native, who is plus-sized in stature and personality, is the naughty head chef at Central 214 - a top-rated Dallas restaurant.
777 ::: Fur on the Asphalt: The Greg the Bunny Reunion Show (2005) ::: Since the cancellation of their Fox sitcom, egos bruised, Greg the Bunny, Warren the Ape, and Count Blah went their separate ways and haven't had much luck on their own. Warren is in serious debt due to an uncontrollable gambling addiction, and is desperate for work. After a disastrous pitch session with IFC, the cable channel tells Warren they'd be open to giving him a special, but only if Greg and Count Blah are involved. (IFC)
778 ::: Mama macht's möglich (2003) ::: After the death of her husband, the single-parent Pia Brandt lives with her four lively children as well as dog Jack in a house on the outskirts of town. The house is in need of renovation, but the money extremely scarce. In order to escape the foreclosure, Pia needs a job as soon as possible- for a housewife and multiple mother, actually a mission impossible. But with the help of the pathetic friend Nele, she quickly changes her resume: the children fall under the table, and references are generously invented. She is given a position as a personal speaker of the noble Isabel Haberland.
779 ::: Du forsvinder (2017) ::: Mia is married to the successful headmaster Frederik, who is caught embezzling from his own school. But did he do this of his own free will - or has his personality been altered by the tumour lurking in his brain? Mia is desperate to uncover what kind of man she is actually married to. If the happiest three years of Mia's life with Frederik were while he had a tumour in his brain, who was she married to before? YOU DISAPPEAR is a movie about the challenges we face as neuroscience forces us to rethink what we are as human beings. A teachers' life is turned upside down as her husband, a successful headmaster, is caught embezzling from his own school. Did he do this of his own free will - or has his personality been altered by the tumor lurking in his brain? As the teacher is assisting an attorney in providing a legal defense, she is forced by her neuroscience studies to rethink who her husband really is. A teachers' world is turned upside down when her husband, a successful headmaster, is caught embezzling from their own school. Did he do this of his own free will - or has his personality been altered by the tumor lurking in his brain? As the teacher is assisting an attorney in providing a legal defense, recent neuroscience forces her to rethink who her husband really is. You Disappear begins as a courtroom drama about mental health, focusing on free will and responsibility, but it ends as a very different kind of drama, posing compelling questions about perspective, identity, and even narrative. The film is a precise, risky and consistently rewarding balancing act, forcing us to consider our own prejudices and assumptions, and how they drive what we can see and what we cannot.
780 ::: Doch (2012) ::: Inna lives with her dad and little brother in a small town. Her life changes when a new girl, Masha, comes to her school. They become friends. But Masha is murdered by a maniac serial killer, who kills teenage girls in the town. Inna goes to church for the funeral service. There she meets the priest's son Ilya, whose sister was also murdered.
781 ::: City Chase Salta (2010) ::: A 3 day urban adventure race and scavenger hunt where international teams compete to find out who is the fastest, fittest, most resourceful and daring team. Taking place in Salta, Argentina, The 2009 City Chase World Championships, this series follows the competitors from start to finish.
782 ::: Bad Credit (2002) ::: A gorgeous dominatrix has a nasty habit of stealing credit cards from her customer - that is, until she steals plastic from a famous politician who has the resources to hire muscle to encourage the lovely lady to return the card. When she refuses, the politician amps up the pressure by kidnapping the woman's best friend. Soon the ladies are bound, gagged and forced to suffer until the card is returned to its rightful owner.
783 ::: Sure Fire (1921) ::: Un povero diavolo č derubato dall'amante della moglie e crede sia stato un tale Jeff. Nel frattempo alcuni banditi uccidono il ladro e gli rubano il denaro. Jeff lo recupera e lo restituisce al legittimo proprietario, che non verrŕ mai a sapere dell'amante della propria moglie.
784 ::: Dead Mate (1988) ::: Cute waitress/hooker is romanced and wed to handsome stranger/funeral director. He, as well as most of the town prefer their women dead. She is the obvious candidate for that position, as his two previous wives were in terrible shape even for dead persons. She must be fleet of foot indeed to avoid their fate. The lonely waitress of a diner Nora Mae Edwards has dreadful nightmares and difficulties to sleep. One night, her new client John Henry Cox, who is an undertaker, proposes to marry her immediately after knowing her and Nora accepts. Henry's driver Morley drives Nora and Henry to his town, Newbury, and they get married in Henry's funeral home that belongs to his family by Rev. Collins. Henry introduces his friends to Nora, among them the Sheriff Porter and Emmaline Strickland. When the young and beautiful Cicely Matthews dies in a car accident, Nora snoops in the mortuary and sees that her husband and friends a necrophiliacs but she is not sure that it was not a daydream. But when Cicely's brother Evan Matthews meets her, he discloses the dreadful secret of Newbury to her.
785 ::: Kao shi yi jia qin (2001) ::: Three members of a Shanghai family, father, mother, and son, encounter different problems in their lives, but all related to some kind of examination. Lu Min is soon facing high school entrance exam. But he will almost throw up whenever he sees mathematical symbols and numbers. Lu's father Dayi, recently laid off, wants to pass a driving test in order to become a taxi driver. But when the examiner poses the question, he comes up with a wrong answer. Lu's mother Fangfang is obsessed with all kinds of intelligence test, regarding them as a way to become rich. Everyday, she is busy with newspaper clipping, information collecting, and TV watching.
786 ::: Error 113 (????) ::: Four strangers meet up at apartment 113 invited by Annie Annie, an artificial intelligence app that helps people with their everyday problems. Annie Annie has told them that the app is actually a real person and that they are going to meet face to face, after some time passes these strangers start to become unease as they slowly realize that Annie Annie is not going to come.
787 ::: To ainigma (1998) ::: A successful young Athenian lawyer, Theodora, who is the daughter of a general, takes on the case of Mantzavinos who is a grocer in Kolonos. Trying to avoid the usual hum-drum approach, she becomes involved with a strange gang with a blind beggar for a leader, Linos, a former teacher, and current idol, of hers, who seems to Theodora like a modern Oedipus. Linos' companion and right-hand man is the former caretaker of the school. The group is completed by two sister-hookers, Anta and Mina, who work in a brothel housed in the school building and who sometimes force Linos to beg for money. The gang is planning a "big score", the theft of the antiquities of Plato's Academy, but Theodora's reluctance, combined with the timely intervention of the police, cancel the plan.
788 ::: Paatshala (2015) ::: Paatshala (school) is a story of hope, friendship, and the courage to follow ones dream. Uprooted from his home, 10-year old Manik struggles to build a new life in the city. He soon realizes that getting an education is the only way of overcoming the clear divide between the rich and the poor. With the help of a 8-year old girl, Chumki, and a bagful of magic tricks, Manik sets out to fulfill his dreams of joining the local school. This film follows him as he uses discipline, hard work and self-confidence to make a remarkable journey from the dusty slum streets to the classroom.
789 ::: "Sur-Vie" (2017) ::: La populaire comédienne Frédérique Boileau revient au Québec bredouille aprčs avoir tenté de percer pendant trois ans ŕ Hollywood. Trois années qui ont mis ŕ mal sa relation avec son conjoint Maxime, producteur en télévision. Sa carričre sur le déclin, elle accepte avec Maxime de participer ŕ une nouvelle téléréalité sur laquelle il travaille. L'annonce de la présence du couple parmi les concurrents suscite un vif intéręt. Le producteur Charles Grisé s'en frotte les mains, lui qui est pręt ŕ tout pour triompher avec sa nouvelle téléréalité. D'autant plus que la grande vedette internationale Raquel Rose agira comme l'hôtesse du jeu, dont les ficelles sont habilement manipulées pour provoquer des situations croustillantes et donner tout un spectacle télévisuel. Frédérique vendra-t-elle son âme dans le but de retrouver sa popularité perdue? Jusqu'oů ira-t-elle, dans quel but et surtout ŕ quel prix? Dans cette fable sur la célébrité, sur le vrai et le faux, tous sont victimes de leurs propres ambitions.
790 ::: Take a Look (2014/II) ::: An assemblage of videos from - Colombia-Denmark-Dubai-Finland-France-Germany-Lebanon-Netherlands-Norway and Sweden - filmed with multiple digital devices between 2008 and 2014, are investigating the overflow of digital images due to the accessibility on any electronic device, the extensive exposure on social mediums and the vast demand from television. Are we seeing, or just looking?
791 ::: Vigilante Vigilante: The Battle for Expression (2011) ::: A new breed of crime-fighter now stalks the urban landscape: the anti-graffiti vigilante. These dedicated blight warriors stop at nothing to rid their neighborhoods and cities of street art, stickers, tags, and posters. Yet several of these vigilantes have become the very menace they set out to eliminate. In their relentless attempt to stamp out graffiti, they've turned to illegally and destructively painting other people's property. VIGILANTE VIGILANTE is the story of two filmmakers who set out to expose these mysterious characters and discover a battle of expression that stretches from the streets to academia.
792 ::: "Desert Island Music" (2007) ::: Artists reveal in casual and candid conversation, the importance of music, their favorite musicians and personal experiences directly related to the music they listened to - (ex: first instrument they learned to play, first album purchased, song they lost their virginity to, song that changed their life, etc.). They are visited in their homes and studios as they play songs from their collection, ride in their cars to hear what tunes they choose to cruise with, and see what music they need by their side.
793 ::: Super Bowl's Greatest Commercials 2015 (2015) ::: Boomer Esiason and Katharine McPhee host the 2015 edition of the Super Bowl's Greatest Commercials. Included are a countdown of the greatest commercials ever along with classics like Apple's 1984 spot and the Coca-Cola Mean Joe Greene commercial and newer multi-million dollar ads.
794 ::: ABANDONDED: The Incredible, Historic AMERICAN ICE COMPANY Building in Baltimore, MD (2015) ::: Dan Bell takes viewers on a tour of the American Ice Company in the heart of Baltimore, MD. Built in 1911, this historic factory was added to the National Registry of Historic Places in 2015 and once employed a great number of people. This film short provides not only a fascinating tour of turn of early 1900's architecture, but insight into America's industrial past though a building which once housed an important piece of it.
795 ::: Four Color Eulogy (2014) ::: Growing up the only child of a single mother, aspiring comic book creator Chris escaped St. Louis ten years ago and moved to Portland with his girlfriend Anne, forging a new life for himself. But when Chris learns that his mother is ill, he and Anne have no choice but to pack up their lives and move back home. Uprooted, his life completely disrupted, Chris is forced to face his mother's mortality and that nagging old childhood question: Who was his father, and why wasn't he around? With the help of his childhood buddy Brian, (a pop culture geek), and family friend/mentor Rich, (a bartender with a creative secret), Chris will have to determine what is more important: The hero's origin, or his ongoing journey?
796 ::: Balach (2009) ::: BALACH revolves around two characters, both named as Balach and a theater troupe. A teenager, Balach, (Inayat Haider) who sits on his fields with the hope that one day it would rain and he would be able to cultivate them. Gosu (Sarfaraz Mahmad) is the leader of a theatre group that stages plays in an effort to support the teenager's family whose elders are either fighting in the mountains or have died for the Baloch cause. And the other Balach (Homar Kiyya), who is initially a hard nosed man who humbles after meeting Gosu and listening to the heartbreaking tale of the young Balach (Inayat)'s family. Finally, he sells his beloved motorbike to support the young Balach's family.
797 ::: Handle Your Business (2015) ::: "Handle Your Business" is centered on Danielle, a former prostitute and drug addict out of rehab. As she returns to the streets that nearly killed her, she has one goal in mind. Her mission: To take down Bone Daddy, the biggest drug distributor in Brooklyn, and dispose of all the drugs that have been plaguing her community for so long. Danielle may have won her own battle with drugs, but will she be able to save her community from its strong hold? "Handle Your Business" is centered on Danielle, a former prostitute and drug addict out of rehab. As she returns to the streets that nearly killed her, she has one goal in mind. Her mission: To take down Bone Daddy, the biggest drug distributor in Brooklyn, and dispose of all the drugs that have been plaguing her community for so long. Danielle may have won her own battle with drugs, but will she be able to save her community from its strong hold?
798 ::: Surrogate (2008) ::: Eli is a 32 year old man who has problems with relationships with women. Hagar is a surrogate, an alternative partner for practical, sexual therapy. They meet once a week and practice a relationship and intimacy in laboratory conditions. The fictitious relationship between them exposes them both physically and emotionally and brings to surface repressed fears from the real world. The changes Eli goes through during the therapy, along with the secrets revealed, not only shake his own life, but also the life of his family. Between clinic walls, due to an "artificial" process, Eli learns how to love for the first time.
799 ::: Autobiography of a Princess (1975) ::: On the anniversary of her father's death, an Indian princess (Madhur Jaffrey) celebrates his memory in her London apartment by having tea and showing a selection of home movies to her guest, her father's old tutor Cyril Sahib (James Mason).
800 ::: "The Nightcap with Jordan Miller" (2016) ::: In pursuit of their bachelors degrees, comedian Jordan Miller and his ragtag team of writers explore the crazy life of college students from sorority girls to Tinder dates to hemorrhaging money on tuition. The live late night show uses sketch comedy and desk pieces to shine light on a variety of hilarious situations and rising issues. In doing so, they get to the heart of the matter of the University student's most important and absurd problems with plenty of laughs along the way.
801 ::: Papoo Photowalah (2017) ::: 1970s :A maverick treasure hunter Papoo Photwalah ,is search for John Nicholson's(British East India company hero of 1857) diary and its maps,writings and clues of the British treasures. Finally he hits upon the treasures. 2016 ,Nina Edwardes,the great grand daughter of Edwardes,Governor of NWFP ,East India Company and the best friend of John Nicholson arrives in Old Delhi to search for the diary and begins on the adventure. The Papoo Photowalah, 60 plus years old ,as energetic and mad, is living a bohemian lifestyle under the Taj Mahal. The storyline is attached along with pictures of the already filmed portion of the film. Papoo Photowalah : In the first part of the story he is 25 years old and the second part he is 65 years.(The actor plays both ages)
802 ::: Panzano (2000) ::: Valeria, Claudio and Dino are living in a house on a top of a hill - an old house in a beautiful landscape in Italy. Nobody knows where they were coming from, they just appeared. They seem to be an almost normal family: they observe each other, they quarrel and sometimes they are tender - we watch the little everyday dramas every family might go through. That's what you see and what the film keeps pretending. But something is strange. The 3 protagonists are schizophrenic. Only for the filmmakers they create a formation called family and they play a game called fiction.
803 ::: Aabra Ka Daabra (2004) ::: Shanu Singh lives a middle-class lifestyle with his dad, Rahul, and mom, Shivani. Rahul is a magician and performs Houdini-like tricks. Once while being locked in a iron cask and thrown into the sea, he does not surface and everyone believes he is dead, leaving Shanu to become a waiter in Dilbaug's Dhaba, while Shivani becomes a governess to Pinky, who is the daughter of Sindhi businessman, Maneklal. Shanu and Pinky wins Parle-G and Camlin Pencils contest and are enrolled in Aabra Ka Daabra - the school of magic, that was founded by Sage Adityanand, which is now run by a magician Rang Birangi, who has enormous magical powers. It is here that Shanu will find out about Rang Birangi's quest for Sanjeevani, a magic portion that will make her not only younger but also immortal, as well as her evil desire to rule the world, the whereabouts of his dad, and a deep dark secret that has been dormant for more than 200 years.
804 ::: Budjenje pacova (1967) ::: An unsuccessful attempt of a lonely guy to change his pointless life. In search for a job and money he falls in love with a girl next door believing that she will change his life. At the high point of his illusion she walks away with the money he's borrowed from a friend and leaves him even more miserable than he was before they met.
805 ::: Vatandas Riza (1979) ::: Riza is a poor man, and his family is ruined when their shanty house is destroyed by a reckless young driver. The driver's wealthy father covers it up. Riza tries to sue him, but is powerless against the rich man who pays the witnesses. So he starts a passive resistance, slowly gaining the support of the public, and ultimately forcing the guilty party to come clean.
806 ::: The Macabre Ayahuasca Hammer Experience (????) ::: A group of the World's wealthiest families which operate behind the Western governments contracted a Pharmaceutical giant to start the development of a mind control drug, to be distributed globally as a flu antidote. As a side experiment, these families are interested in incarnating primeval energies through unborn babies to see if they can create a dark God for their new world order. Young pregnant women are selected as participants for this Human Subject Research Program. The participants are told they will be testing a drug for paranormal visual enhancement, and while witnessing the horrendous hallucinations of the participants, they slowly unravel the real agenda and powers behind the people that contracted them.
807 ::: Die Machtergreifung (2012) ::: The focus is on the years 1932-1933 the rise of Adolf Hitler as a politician, which eventually led to his dictatorship and the Nazi-Regime. Hitler had to fight many obstacles and setbacks, it almost seemed impossible for his party to ever gain power, but his ruthless determination and versatile diplomacy combined with his opponents dramatic mistakes and many coincidences finally led him to power. With Hitler's appointment as the 30th Chancellor January 1933 begins the end of the Weimar Republic. Within months he abolished press freedom, suspended fundamental rights, established the first concentration camps. With the Enabling Act he dis-empowers the Parliament, and the Nazi party is the only party. In June 1934, Hitler can kill his former comrades Röhm and his opponents Strasser and Schleicher. Five years it will take until the beginning of World War II and the way that led to the greatest crimes of the 20th Century has been prepared.
808 ::: Sag Salim 2: Sil Bastan (2014) ::: The tragicomic adventure which started when Salim decides to take an forlorn funeral to its homeland, continues when his bear leader Nihal's mother is taken hostage. While they are being looked as serial killers, they decide to find a new disguise, to not get caught. But the things don't turn out as the expected. When Salim takes a gun to escape from trouble, the unfortunate events start again.
809 ::: "The United Colors of Amani" (2013) ::: Amani, an ethnically ambiguous performer, has dealt with the 'What are you?' question her whole life. But what does it mean to be black, white, and everything in between as she navigates the entertainment industry and life in LA? 'The United Colors of Amani', a comedy with sociological undertones, sheds light on the uncomfortable, awkward, and outrageous constructions of race permeating showbiz.
810 ::: Tocata y fuga de Lolita (1974) ::: Carlos, a widower in his forties, lives with her daughter Lolita and her sister Merche. He is a candidate to Spanish Court's Proctor, so frequently travels outside Madrid. During one of those trips, he is forced to return at home precipitously, because his sister informed him that Lolita has left the house to live with some friends. Carlos, a widower in his forties, lives with his daughter Lolita and his sister Merche. He is a candidate to Spanish Court's Proctor, so frequently travels outside Madrid. During one of those trips, he is forced to return at home precipitously, because his sister informed him that Lolita has left the house to live with some friends.
811 ::: Choke (1999) ::: The fight ends when someone quits or is knocked unconscious. Don't look to the referee for help. If you get into trouble, your opponent will break your elbow, knee you in the head, or choke you out. This isn't ancient Greece or Rome. This is Rio de Janeiro, Tokyo, or New York. The time is now. Welcome to the world of no-holds-barred freestyle fighting...the fastest growing "sport" in the United States, Brazil, and Japan. CHOKE follows undisputed World Freestyle Fighting Champion Rickson Gracie as he prepares to defend his title in a one-night, single elimination tournament where the winner will fight 3 separate fights over five hours. The World Cup finals of hand-to-hand combat. Choke follows freestyle fighting champion Rickson Gracie as he prepares to defend his title in the Vale Tudo Freestyle Fighting Championship in Tokyo. Choke is a behind-the-scenes look at the world of no-rules fighting.
812 ::: Hotdogs Hotgals (2006) ::: Every aspect of running a small Hot Dog stand (and ultimately a thriving empire) is incorporated into this light-hearted simulation. Design your stores based on what your customers tell you they like. Staff relations play a big role in the game. Each potential employee has their own personality, and can be offered gifts, improved training and vacation time, all of which will have an affect on the quality of their work. Designing the staff costume also has a big effect on how marketable your store is. It's not always peaceful work; you will face robberies, infestations of viruses, and even aliens. A boxing mini-game sees you deal with angry customers, while you can run your company outside of the law, with the help of the Mafia for espionage and intimidation.
813 ::: My Dad's Valentine (????) ::: Every year on February 1st, single father David Evans celebrates the memory of his wife on their anniversary. His daughter Maddie misses her mom too, but really wants her dad to find happiness. When Maddie's teacher, Ms. Garver, starts teaching the class about the story of Cyrano De Bergerac, Maddie and her "best friend forever" Nora come up with a super plan, secretly setting up an online dating profile for David. Unbeknownst to David, Maddie and Nora have been answering the responses ala Cyrano, setting up dates for dad and covertly arranging the meetings.
814 ::: Rules of the Road (1993) ::: Rules of the Road tells the story of a love affair and its demise through one of the primary objects shared by the couple: an old beige station wagon with fake wood paneling along the sides. A typical American family car for an atypical American family, it provides the women at first with all the familiar comforts. But when their relationship ends, the car becomes the property of one woman and the bane of the other's existence. Even long after their separation, this tangible reminder of their life together--and thousands of its imitators--continues to prowl the streets of the city, haunting the woman who no longer holds the keys either to the car or the other woman's heart. Rules of the Road is also study in theme and variations. In this case, the theme is the standard wagon. The variations are a consequence of experience, which transforms the object and makes us continually invest it with new meanings. This sense of constant change happens during the course of the film just as surely as it happens to us in our daily lives. Through spoken text, popular music and images from the streets of New York, Rules of the Road takes a somewhat whimsical, somewhat caustic look at how our dreams of freedom, pleasure, security, and family are so often symbolized by the automobile.
815 ::: "18 & Over" (2005) ::: A weekly show with a fresh, young and bilingual look at the top 18 music videos according to sales charts of CD's people are buying in stores and on line, the weekly radio airplay lists of the songs the DJ's play over and over on your favorite stations and, finally, we combine those two with our own mun2 research.
816 ::: Shashamane (2016) ::: Africa's history is stained with suffering; but after generations of slavery, oppression, and diaspora, many ancestral Africans are now returning to reclaim their heritage. In the heart of Ethiopia, Shashamane was dedicated by King Haile Selassie as a homeland for those of African descent. This thoughtful and beautifully shot documentary follows those who have heeded this call to return to their ancestral home and recover their African identity.
817 ::: Broder Gabrielsen (1966) ::: "Broder Gabrielsen" vekket i sin tid meget stor debatt, og allerede under innspillingen av filmen gikk břlgene hřyt i pressen. Filmen retter en sterk advarsel mot religiřs fanatisme og mot samtidens vekkeslsespredikanter, og den mřtte da ogsĺ sterk motbřr fra enkelte av disse. I filmen mřter vi den noksĺ ubetydelige legpredikanten, Broder Gabrielsen (Alf Malland), som oppdager hvordan moderne musikk, rytmer og ekstase gir stor suksess nĺr det gjelder ĺ fĺ tilhřrerne til sin forkynnelse. Han fĺr snart sitt store gjennombrudd, og holder ekstatiske vekkelsesmřter med tungetale og "helbredelser" ved hjelp av břnn. Det ender i mismot og nederlag da undrene uteblir for Gabrielsen, og personlig tragedier for de som har latt seg lede.
818 ::: Appels Croisés (2018) ::: With its massive immigrant population, Switzerland has always been a place of a double search: first, how is the country's DNA evolving as it constantly redefines itself? Second, how do these foreigners articulate their search for identity in the midst of uncertainty and constant need to define the "self" in tangible terms? The country's position on the issue of immigration and its impacts on society comes with a search within one of its largest one: the Albanian population. How can one's definition of the 'self' encompass all layers associated to identity? And how does this universal search apply to each country's standards?
819 ::: 60 (2015) ::: A short 60 second film that revolves around the philosophy of time and the role it plays in our everyday lives. Many questions are raised about time that may have passed over all of our minds at some point, but these notions have been encapsulated in this short 60 second window in order to make a short and sharp statement about how we should view time in our lives.
820 ::: Bump (2017/I) ::: The haunts in a man's house are caused by a box made from the Tree of Knowledge. He interacts with family spirits animating heirlooms and keepsakes around the house. The box tests, tempts and teaches the man and his friends, preparing them for vital roles in a new age for mankind.
821 ::: Asleep in the Deep (2005) ::: A punk girl, Alyce, travels through a David Lynch/Maya Deren adaptation of an H.P. Lovecraft short story. She travels through a strange land with stranger inhabitants to find a mysterious violin player who holds too many secrets for this new world.
822 ::: Return to Byzantium: The Art and Life of Lilian Broca (2012) ::: Return to Byzantium is the story of a homecoming - an artistic and physical return to a Romania which Lilian's family was forced to flee more than half a century ago but which she never abandoned. Lilian Broca first became aware of her artistic nature while a young girl growing up in Romania during the 1950's. At the age of 7 her parents enrolled her in art classes. However, the country's communist regime didn't encourage imagination or self-expression and her introduction to drawing and painting was limited. She recalls the day that the drab, grey world of Soviet-shadowed Bucharest was suddenly illuminated by her first glimpse of real art: a brilliant Byzantine icon illuminated by a shaft of golden sunlight in the neighbourhood church. For the first time in her life, Broca was captivated by the radiant splendour of an image. Even without any religious reference, the icon's beauty held her in its thrall. In the words of eminent Romanian art critic Pavel Susara, "...Lilian Broca does not regard herself as an artist locked in her studio, but as someone who tries to resolve a fundamental problem, someone who tries to find her roots, rebuild her intrinsic coherence and regain her identity." Lilian Broca combines a variety of cultural, religious and artistic traditions - Romanian orthodox, Hebrew, Western and North American, thus becoming a symbolic focal point of artistic and inter-civilisational dialogue in our contemporary globalised cultural landscape.
823 ::: Cagliostro (1975) ::: After attending esoterical studies with a wise man, Cagliostro, a mysterious Italian count, received the gift of supernatural powers. He started to travel all over Europe to heal the poor. But he is also a member of a pre-revolutionary lodge the aim of which is to give freedom to the populations of Europe. This cannot be tolerated by the 18th century's establishment and bought the Pope and the regal house of France try to eliminate him. So Cagliostro is locked up in a castle, while his wife is killed. But when in 1795 the door of his cell is opened there is nothing inside but a sword...
824 ::: "The Manager" (????) ::: The Manager is a documentary-style series that follows three music managers in NYC. It explores the costs and benefits of managing some of the most successful artist in the music industry as well as the challenges of trying to break a new artist.
825 ::: The Wedding Video (2003) ::: You're invited to the wackiest wedding since Robert Altman last threw the rice, where no one is polite and everyone "acts" real. What is truth, and what is fiction? How does one discern reality from pretense? These are serious questions, but if you're looking for answers ŕ la Japanese abstraction, German expressionism or Swedish nihilism, keep looking, because The Wedding Video has the answer, "REAL WORLD" style. In the first film to come out of the MTV phenomenon, Norman Korpi (the gay guy from "Real World-New York") and creative partner Clint Cowen have made a deliciously wicked satire that skewers all the clichés and conventions of the reality show. Norm plays "Norm" who hires "Clint" to film his gay wedding. He invites his best friends - all popular "Real World" alums - and has Clint tape them as they arrive for the bachelor party and ceremony. The cast members have great fun parodying the on-air personas that MTV created for them through its editing: San Francisco's Rachel is now the ultimate self-centered bitch, London's Lars has his nose stuck up so high he might die from asphyxiation, and New York's Heather B. becomes a walking-talking hip-hop video. And in the "true" manner of such shows, every backstab, every catfight, and every shocking revelation is caught on videotape for our tawdry entertainment. As the reality genre pushes the envelope - and strains credibility - it becomes ripe for parody; who better to do it than the people who created it in the first place?
826 ::: Todo sobre mi madre (1999) ::: Manuela is a hard-working single mom who has raised her son Esteban by herself since the time he was born. On his 17th birthday they go to the theater and after the show, Esteban tries to get the main actress' autograph but is run down on the street and dies. Manuela is beside herself with grief and decides to return to Barcelona to tell the boy's transgender father Lola, about the death of the son he never knew he had. He is nowhere to be found but Manuela does find an old friend, Agrado and meets up with a pregnant nun, Rosa. Together they form a life and become fast friends - until tragedy strikes again. A single mother in Madrid sees her only son die on his 17th birthday as he runs to seek an actress's autograph. She goes to Barcelona to find the lad's father, a transgender woman named Lola who does not know she has a child. First she finds her friend, Agrado, a wild yet caring transgender woman; through her she meets Rosa, a young nun bound for El Salvador, but instead finds out she is pregnant by Lola. Manuela becomes the personal assistant of Huma Rojo, the actress her son admired, by helping Huma manage Nina, the co-star and Huma's lover. However, Agrado soon takes over when Manuela must care for Hermana Rosa's risky pregnancy. With echos of Lorca, "All About Eve," and " A Streetcar Named Desire," the mothers (and fathers and actors) live out grief, love, and friendship.
827 ::: "El Colombiano" (????) ::: Former Colombian army officer Daniel Quinones escapes from captivity after 10 years. He finds out his wife and daughter have moved to Argentina and given him up for dead. Quinones takes a job with the Argentine Special Operations division in Buenos Aires to fight crime, corruption and his own demons.
828 ::: My Brother Talks to Horses (1947) ::: A classic film featuring a boy who is able to hear what the racehorses at the track are thinking. He bases their moods on how well he thinks they'll do, and tells his older brother who is going to win that day. This earns him a reputation and gains him much attention, after people start to believe him.
829 ::: Sibir. Monamur (2011) ::: Siberia. Late autumn. In taiga, in the deserted village there lives an old man Ivan & his seven-year-old grandson Leshia. A pack of feral dogs devours everything alive in the neighborhood. One of these dogs is Leshia's best friend. Sometimes their relative uncle Yuri brings food to them. Once on his way back from Ivan's village uncle Yuri is attacked by dogs & perishes. Ivan & Leshia stay without supply. Once Leshia witnesses Ivan shooting at 'his' dog & runs away. The old Man finds him in a dry well, but he fails to get him out on his own. Ivan sets out through taiga in search of help. Now the dogs are hunting him... And the boy is waiting for his father...
830 ::: The Global Village Project (2011) ::: The Global Village School (GVS) in Atlanta GA is a small nonprofit organization with a mission to '...provide adolescent survivors of war, whose formal education has been significantly interrupted by war and prolonged stays in refugee camps, with the enhanced educational and social services they need to become fully participating citizens in the democratic process of the United States'. The school opened in August 2008 and currently provides a unique education to 30 girls from around the globe, aged 13 yrs - 23yrs. It is a haven for these displaced young women from Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, Somalia, Kenya, Rwanda, Sudan, Zimbabwe, Burma and Thailand, who have recently entered the US, through the United States Refugee Relocation Program. The multi-cultural environment of GVS offers an alternative to the larger public schools, in which most refugee children are usually placed on arrival to the US, in which they get lost within the system, and will never achieve their full potential. This documentary film, narrated by Matthew Lillard, will be shown on a national and international level to increase understanding of the refugee community and, at the same time, contribute to the sustainability of the school. The film will focus on two specific areas: 1. The community and history of the girls, their unique stories of the homes they were forced to leave, their journeys to the US and their future in the next generation of fully participating US citizens. 2. Raise awareness within the US that these children are not just beyond our borders, but new US citizens who will help build our country's future. We hope that, by working together to create this unique film, the young women of the Global Village School will be a voice for the 35,000 refugee children that are relocated to the US every year.
831 ::: Green Collar Comedy Show (2010) ::: Just in time for Earth Day, the politically not so correct but environmentally correct... well sort of... first time ever comedy show, The Green Collar Comedy Show offers humorous observations on efforts, or no efforts to preserve and conserve the environment and bringing awareness by just talking about it, well that's the hope anyway. Hosted by internationally renowned political satirist Will Durst, The Green Collar Comedy Show features nationally recognized comics Wendy Liebman, Randy Kagan, Sean Kent, and Oscar Ovies.
832 ::: Skoonheid (2011) ::: Tells the story of Francois van Heerden, a mid-40s, white, Afrikaans-speaking family man living in Bloemfontein, who has become devoid of any care or concern for his own measure of happiness, so convinced of his ill-fated existence, that he is wholly unprepared when a chance encounter unravels his clean, controlled life. A married businessman leading a boring, stifled life in Bloemfontein, S Africa is shocked to attention when he sees the strikingly handsome son of a friend for the first time in 7 yrs. Hypnotized in lust, he embarks on a life changing path.
833 ::: MJC: The Crisis Begins (2012) ::: Cameras roll as eliminated programs, and the instructors and students that made them up, see their last days among the curriculum of a major community college in Northern California. Faculty speak as to question the validity of the cuts and if there could have been another way to save money.
834 ::: O ehthros tou laou (1972) ::: In a town where there are hot springs exist, some cases of fever cause the doctor's concern. After research, he finds out that the water is not clean due to the poor construction of the aqueduct. This is how the conflict begins with the mayor who is the owner of the resource exploitation company.
835 ::: Experiencing God (2013) ::: Join Neil on a journey to see what God is trying to teach him through the Experiencing God study. While reflecting on the study with authors Claude King and Henry Blackaby we see the way that this study has influenced others over the years. It's a moving look at what can happen when you decide to meet God where He is already working and join in on that work. See these amazing true stories of life change - how some have gone from darkness and hopelessness, to seeing the light of Christ's love and discovering His will for their lives. Experiencing God has helped thousands of people see the world through a different lens. They have begun to see it how God see it, they have uncovered God's will for their lives and then done it. This film will take you on a journey as you watch someone else experiencing many of the realities found in this movement of God. It will explore many stories that have been uncovered showing how God has placed Experiencing God in hands of international leaders, prisoners, and Christ followers who have been awakened to see the world how God see's the world.
836 ::: The Pedestrian (2008) ::: In the near future, the writer Leonard Mead is a man broken by the death of his wife. He walks every night to visit with her at her graveside. However, the society in which he lives is controlled, fearful and television-obsessed. Walking after dark is strictly prohibited. On this night, Mead is forced to face the consequence of his 'crime' as the authorities chase him to an exciting climax.
837 ::: Blind Boys of Alabama: Go Tell It on the Mountain (2004) ::: After performing together for 60 years, the renowned Gospel Group, the Blind Boys of Alabama released their Grammy Award winning holiday CD in 2003, "Go Tell It On The Mountain". In December, the band came to New York City to perform a special concert at the Beacon Theatre with guest artists. This is the recording of that event.
838 ::: The Merchant of Venice (2015) ::: This Merchant of Venice production was done in a Sephardi style featuring some Jewish Ladinos songs. French Actor and Baritone David Serero gives a stunning performance as Shylock and signs the staging and the adaptation of this William Shakespeare play. This is the Live recording at the Center for Jewish History in New York on the sold out opening night of June 14th 2015.
839 ::: mba (????) ::: Can a Masters of Business Administration be condensed into a feature length film? Is there a secret scientific approach to management that can be revealed in just 83 minutes? "I don't have an MBA, but that sounds like a good return on investment." Barack Obama at the Kellogg School of Business.
840 ::: Ghost Whales of Lancaster Sound (1996) ::: The population of the Beluga whale has mysteriously dropped to almost half their original numbers over the past few years. With the assistance of satellite transmitters mounted to the whale we can track their migratory path in search of an answer to this imbalance in the Arctic's ecosystem.
841 ::: Forgotten Women (1949) ::: A tale of three women who hang out in a bar and bend the ear of Harry the bartender. Kate Allison drinks to forget playboy Andy Emerson, whom she might have married if her husband, John Allison hadn't come home before the divorce was final, which is no big deal as actors Norris and Douglas were pretty much interchangeable anyway; Ruth Marshall is reunited with husband Richard Marshall on the pleas of their son in the divorce court of Judge Donnell; and Clair Dunning makes up with husband Bill Dunning after they meet in the bar. Most of what passes for action is a couple of car wrecks, understandable considering the amount of sauce consumed in Harry's bar.
842 ::: Deltangi-ha-ye asheghaneh (2014) ::: During a demonstration, with the assistance of a man named Manouchehr, Fereshteh succeeds to get rid of the security forces. After victory of the revolution, they accidentally meet each other and consequently get married despite disagreement of Fereshteh's family. Coming back from the honeymoon, they are encountered with a new situation altering all the peoples' lives. The men should go to the war front for defending their country after the invasion of Iraqi Army to Iran.
843 ::: The Church (2008) ::: On the surface, Pastor Ian Gallagher seems to have it all - a loving wife, family and a church that adores him. But not all as it seems...the safe life he's known is about to fracture. His faith will be tested as never before as he grapples with questions about life, death, life beyond and the fate of his family. The Church depends on whether or not he passes that test.
844 ::: Don't Tell (2017) ::: Based on true events that changed the law. This is the story of a survivor, Lyndal, a young woman sexually abused as an 11 year old while attending a prestigious school. Her courage to fight for justice is entrusted to a local lawyer determined to build a case and give Lyndal peace from her torment. With the help of his aspiring young associate and an enigmatic barrister, the lawyer and Lyndal find their way together. Based on true events that changed Australian law. 'Don't Tell' is the story of a survivor, Lyndal, a young woman sexually abused as an 11year old while attending a prestigious school. Her courage to fight for justice is entrusted to a local lawyer determined to build a case and give Lyndal peace from her torment. With the help of his young associate and an enigmatic barrister, the lawyer and Lyndal find their way together. At its heart, 'Don't Tell' is a poignant story about believing in justice, and discovering the courage it takes to speak out when having a voice is the only option.
845 ::: Antropophagus (1980) ::: Tourists take a boat to a remote island, where they find that most of the people have disappeared, and something is stalking them. They find a hidden room in the big mansion on a hill, and an ancient diary, which gives them clues to the source of the terror.
846 ::: Cahoots (2001) ::: Two men who were "best friends" while growing up together and into their 20's, reconnect after years apart. On the surface, their lives have gone in opposite directions, one married, successful, respectful and settled; the other divorced, footloose, unemployed and prowling. The narrative is not linear but vertical as simple get together to "have a drink" leads to a nihilistic descent into macho hell. The only thing that survives their reunion is their love for one another.
847 ::: The Greasy Hands Preachers (2014) ::: This documentary film explores the revival of manual work through the passion of motorcycle enthusiasts who have found their way to a happy life. Shot in 16mm in California, Utah, Indonesia, Spain, Scotland and France, we have spent time with mechanics and custom shop founders trying to understand the difference between manual work and intellectual work. The unique satisfaction that result from doing something tangible, the sense of time, the relation between the form and the function, the joy of riding in a beautiful landscape and the community and friendship that motorcycle creates.
848 ::: Anokha Milan (1972) ::: Tara Sen lives in a small town in India with her parents, a younger brother, sister, and an elder brother who lives in Calcutta. She is friendly with Ghanshyam, affectionately called "Ghana", and often spends time with him near the river bank. When her brother returns home he brings along a friend named Bijesh, who takes a liking to Tara and molests her. He is asked to leave the very next day, but the news spreads like wildfire, resulting in her parents to decide to get her married immediately, in vain though as no one wants to come forward to marry her. During the Devi Pooja ceremonies, people crowd around the Sen household and spread vicious rumors about Tara, Ghana does not take kindly to this, a fight ensues, and a man is killed. The police are summoned, Ghana is arrested and held in prison. Sen attempts to reason with the local Police Inspector Badal Gupta, known for womanizing and being an alcoholic, who agrees to withdraw all charges provided Tara marries him. Sen is reluctant, but Tara readily accepts, and their marriage takes place. Tara's husband does not give up on his bad habits, neither does he fulfill his promise of releasing Ghana. One day an argument ensues between Tara and him, followed by a struggle, blows are exchanged, with Tara hitting him on the head with an axe. He is hospitalized, Tara is arrested, but when he regains consciousness he refuses to press charges, then subsequently succumbs to his injuries, Tara is sentenced to prison. When she finds out that Ghana is doing time in Andamans, she requests for a transfer there, which is granted. When she reaches Andamans, she is told by the Warden that the only way she can meet with Ghana is by marrying him. But Ghana is old-fashioned and refuses to marry Tara on grounds that she is wealthy and he a lowly servant. Tara now has an option - return home and live alone for the rest of her life, or alternatively kill herself.
849 ::: Long quan xiao zi (2016) ::: A Chinese problem child from the US is sent to live with his uncle in China. He immediately runs into difficult situations there, such as a rabbit thief, the secret crush of his uncle, and some classmates who aren't exactly welcoming to him. But luckily he has some excellent kung fu skills.
850 ::: Usmiech zebiczny (1957) ::: A man walks down the exterior staircase of building of flats; he's dressed to go out, taking care to wrap a scarf around his neck. He pauses as he passes a small window that's about eye high. He ventures to look in, and there a young woman stands at a washbasin, drying her hair, the towel that obscures her face her only covering. The peeping tom gets an eyeful and smiles; he's interrupted by a door opening, the flat's occupant bringing out empty bottles to place on the porch. The man pretends to leave, departing down the stairs, only to return to the window after the flat's door has closed. He again looks in the window, where a surprise awaits.
851 ::: Noi e la Giulia (2015) ::: Diego, Claudio and Fausto don't know each other, but they are all looking for a turning point in their lives, each one for a different reason. The occasion comes with an offer for an abandoned agritourism, for which they decide to build a society being for them impossible to afford the buying price by itself. The project is joined by Sergio, a communist-nostalgic middle-aged. But some trouble with the local Camorra will made them sort it out in a dangerous way.
852 ::: Shamanic Princess (2000) ::: In another dimension exists the Guardian World, a realm populated by people who wield magical powers. The source of power of the Guardian World is the Throne of Yord, an enchanted painting. When this painting is stolen and taken to Earth, Princess Tiara is sent to Earth to get the painting back. But a simple mission gets complicated by the fact that the painting was stolen by Tiara's former lover Kagetsu, and that the painting itself is manipulating events for some mysterious outcome.
853 ::: The Queens of Country (2009) ::: This is a listening must for every aficionado of country music. The outstanding 52 foot-stomping tracks feature three of the best performers to have graced the bluegrass stage - Kathy Mattea, Tammy Wynette and Loretta Lynn. It's definitely 'music for your ears'!
854 ::: Ausreisser (2004) ::: On a winter day, Walter Dahlman is getting ready for a job interview; he's an unemployed architect in Hamburg. As he leaves his flat with little time to spare, a boy of about eight stops him in the hall and asks for a ride to school. Walter doesn't know the lad, who says he's Yuri. The boy is persistent; Walter, who has only a bicycle, ends up giving Yuri a lift to school. The boy calls him "Daddy," and it's just the beginning of Walter's trials and tribulations. Who is the boy, where is his mother, and why Walter?
855 ::: The Ballad of Lefty Brown (2017) ::: When cowboy Lefty Brown witnesses the murder of his longtime partner, the newly-elected Senator Edward Johnson. He strikes out to find the killers and avenge his friend's gruesome death. Tracking the outlaws across the vast and desolate Montana plains, Lefty recruits a young gunslinger, Jeremiah, and an old friend, a hard-drinking U.S. Marshall, to help deliver the men to justice. After a gunfight with the outlaws leaves Jeremiah wounded, Lefty returns home with the names of Johnson's killers only to find that he is being accused of his friend's murder. With the tables turned, and with his friend in the governor's mansion refusing to help, Lefty must evade the law and prove his innocence by exposing the powerful men ultimately responsible for Johnson's death.
856 ::: "The Irish Condition" (1994) ::: Six-part series examining how "our mixed-up attitudes towards Irish identity, nationalism, language, and the past reinforce our present-day problems" (RTE Guide). Six part series documenting both Irish history and contemporary attitudes to the questions as raised then and as confronted now by the Irish people. Features interviews with several prominent historians.
857 ::: Run (2016) ::: B & Tone are two twenty-somethings trying to find their place in modern day society. After losing both their mothers, they were adopted by their Uncle, who is not willing to give them the time they need to get "back on their feet." Fed up with his "motivation tactics" B & Tone resort to their desperation plan to buy themselves more time. Too bad their plan not only backfires, but gets them into trouble with the law. With little to no money or family, they have to go on the run until they find a way to clear their names. Join the colorful cast of characters in an adult themed dark comedy through the streets of Baltimore.
858 ::: Pyaar Karke Dekho (1987) ::: Orphaned Ravi Kumar lives in Poona, India, with his maternal uncle. As he wants to pursue a career as a singer/dancer, he re-locates to Bombay, so that he could audition for the All India Talent Association. In Bombay he meets with his uncle's friend, a fast-talking conman, Sampat Srivastav, who not only arranges his audition, but also gets him a job with the Talent Association. Sampat also assists him getting accommodation, albeit with hilarious results, as one landlady wants to rent only to bachelors so that she could have her way with them, while another, Lilavati, will only rent to married couples. Ravi decides that he will be better off with Lilavati, so he rents a room from her and assures her that his wife will be arriving shortly. When that does not happen, Lilavati insists on seeing her photograph, so Sampat and Ravi select a random photo from a studio, make a copy, and show it to Lilavati. Shortly thereafter a woman resembling the one in the photo shows up at Ravi's doorstep claiming to be his wife, Urvashi. A baffled Ravi comes up with novel schemes to get rid of Urvashi, but only ends up offending Lilavati. With the talent contest closing in, Ravi must now tidy up his personal affairs and prepare himself - but will he succeed, and who exactly is Urvashi, why is she claiming to be his wife, and what is her background?
859 ::: "Beasty Training!" (2011) ::: A work-out tutorial spontaneously shot with elite athletes and crude humor. This short film tackles squatting, spotting, and man-cuddling! It is the total body workout! Starring MTV's Silent Library host, Zero Kazama, "Beasty Training" will leave you out of breath and laughing. This is what viral video is made of.
860 ::: As Ons Twee Eers Getroud Is! (1962) ::: A much loved romantic comedy-drama from the black-and-white age of Afrikaans film-making that deals with bureaucratic bungling and accidental 'living in sin'. Planning their 25th wedding anniversary, the Van der Merwe couple realise that their marriage certificate is lost. When they go to the relevant government department, they discover that there is no record of their marriage. Because there is no legal proof of their union, the couple has in a sense been living in sin. Magriet will have none of it and moves into a motel - either she must be made an honest woman once and for all, or 25 years of marriage go out of the window. In the meantime, Grandpa arrives with his pet goat in tow, and only his grandson to appreciate him. Between grandson and grandfather, love and marriage certificates are eventually sorted out - while at the same time scaring off an amorous widow with designs on Grandpa.
861 ::: The Willing Suspension of Disbelief (2007) ::: "The willing Suspension of Disbelief" is a taut psychological thriller in which Quentin (Ryan Hauser), a down and out filmmaker, enters the very noir crime world depicted in his films to steal the money he desperately needs to finish his rag tag production. Matters become increasingly complicated when he becomes involved with the mysterious Veri Similitude (Erinn Gavaghan) a night-club singer and aspiring actress who happens to be involved with the same mob boss he is trying to rob. The line between reality and cinema deteriorates as Quentin delves deeper and deeper into the criminal underworld and becomes more and more obsessed with finishing his film until his life and art threaten to converge towards a catastrophe collision.
862 ::: Anonymes (2009) ::: Aicha, Radia and their mother live removed from the world in the underground servant's quarters of a deserted mansion. The precarious balance of their daily life is shaken by the arrival of a young couple who move into the main house. A bizarre cohabitation settles between the couple and the three women who decide not to make their presence known to these unexpected neighbors. They cannot leave their hiding place as it conceals secrets buried for years. But Aicha, the youngest sister, is attracted by the newcomers. In the servants' underground quarters of a deserted mansion a mother lives with her older middle-aged and her younger daughter. The elder daughter has had an abortion and claims not to want a man. In the beginning the younger daughter shows no other noticeable behaviour than wishing to be a modern town girl. She cuts all hair of her legs but has wounds from unskilled use of the razor. One day two young couples come to the mansion and prepare a feast. Before the feast the younger daughter tries on some luxury cloths but happens to break a pair of shoes but still shows up at the feast. Someone gives her a glass of wine; her first experience of alcohol so she almost vomits and runs away. Her mother and elder sister tie her hands and feet to the bed. The girl whose shoes were broken (one of the two couples) searches for unknown people in the house and finds the younger daughter tied up. While she tries to liberate her, the mother and elder daughter take her as a prisoner. Her friends think that she had left in order to abandon her boyfriend. The elder daughter is a very skilled embroiderist but is very underpaid by a shopkeeper. The girl prisoner helps her to find someone who will pay much more. And friendship develops between the younger daughter and the entrapped girl. But several disasters eventually happen for all four women.
863 ::: Enchantress (2011) ::: A magician extending his work offstage takes the wrong side in a local turf war and needs all his skills to resist violence, temptation, and unintended consequences - while his enemies fight to steal his secrets. Merlin enjoys his stage shows, and has a nice little sideline in "public magic" - helping people in their everyday lives. Is the magic real? Does it matter? It's not something you could complain about. Then he's caught in the middle of an affair involving politics, corruption, and the fate of thousands of people. But that's not the real danger. A beautiful young woman comes into his life - girlfriend of his dead stepson. She has reasons of her own for wanting his secrets, and Merlin is subjected to all her erotic charm as she tries to learn his powers. Will the prophecy will be fulfilled once again? Will Merlin die victim to his own lusts and desires, giving to a beautiful woman the very secrets she needs to destroy him? Enchantress is a dark and compelling story of lust, desire, corruption and betrayal.
864 ::: Carne (1968) ::: Delicia (Isabel Sarli) is a worker in a meat-packing factory where she becomes the girl of strangers. After she makes love to her boyfriend, she is raped by a worker who uses a bed of frozen cattle carcasses in the refrigerator for the bed of their assault. Her lover, an idealistic artist who dabbles in paint, discovers it and exacts his revenge on the criminals in a fury of fist fights.
865 ::: The Physical Body 2 (2007) ::: The Physical Body 2 is the powerful follow up to the groundbreaking documentary The Physical Body: Indian Wrestling and Physical Culture. In this second volume, we examine the intense competition training routines leading to participation in the Dangals or wrestling competitions. The documentary remains the only exclusive intimate first hand look at the training inside the Akharas as one prepares to take part in competition as well as the actual Dangal matches not only fiercely contested for money but for prestige and as a dominant symbol of a rigorous, perfected way of life.
866 ::: Becoming the Buddha in L.A. (1993) ::: With a focus on the increasing religious diversity of the U.S., this documentary film chronicles the experience of young Buddhists in Los Angeles as they participate in age-old traditions in a new context.
867 ::: "Physics Men" (2012) ::: The episode covers the lives of those working at Bockler Physics Enterprises in Boston. The company specializes in physics consultancy and designing engineering structures. Its domination in the American market has come from the hard work of the longstanding Chairman Roland Bockler. He now introduces fresh young executives under the new director Dan Nguyenski to start a new era in the company. However new challenges suddenly await from competition abroad. Will the Physics Men change to accommodate such a threat? Or will they be forced into submission?
868 ::: Classic Rhythm and Blues Vol. 5 (1988/II) ::: Ben Sidran presents the classic rhythm blues performances of the 1980's with his personal insight into each song, the artist and the performance. Tracklisting: Bonnie Koloc There's a Space in the Place Where You Were Chick Corea Rumble Long John Baldry Iko Iko Bonnie Koloc You Played Me Just Like a Piano Long John Baldry Don't Try to Lay No Boogie Woogie on the King of Rock and Roll Tower Of Power Don't Change Horses (In The Middle Of A Stream).
869 ::: Les confidences de Sandra (1973) ::: In Saint-Tropez, Sandra leads an easy life and enjoys great freedom. But at the end of the summer, she is obliged to return to Paris, where she has to work in a brothel to earn a living. Far from the idleness of the coast, she multiplies the encounters with men who wish to be accompanied by pretty girls. The appointments follow one another but are not alike for her. One day, she witnesses a murder in the house of rendezvous which employs her. As a single witness to the drama, she is soon questioned by the police, who knows her call girl activities. Being wary of police, she flees away without further delay.
870 ::: Jack Taylor: The Guards (2010) ::: Incorrigible boor Jack Taylor is fired from the Garda (Irish national police) for brutality against a government minister. His experience, some contacts and cheap rates get him started as private eye in all but name, assisted by his even less law-abiding buddy, painter Sutton. Anne Henderson hires him, suggesting her missing teenage daughter was the latest in a series of suspicious 'suicides', which he traces to sleazy manager Ford's factory and illegal sex recordings. That turns out only the tip of the iceberg, even before Jack is beaten badly and old publican Sean is fatally run over.
871 ::: Green Head (2015) ::: The action in the film revolves around a large pagan-like head covered in grass set within the post-industrial cityscape. The monologue '50 ways to murder magic' (Antonin Artaud 1947) running in the background, is audible intermittently. There are 3 performers 2 disguised in elaborate costumes, representing various incarnations of the 'self '. In parallel to the dialogue the narrative is fragmented, interspersed by sequences of animated drawings. The distinct exaggerated movements of the characters help shape the piece. The film can be viewed as a poetic metaphor, an expressive gesture in the tradition of Dada.
872 ::: "Match Makers" (2014) ::: Match Makers is a character-driven comedy about the fledgling matchmaking company founded by childhood friends Charna, a spiritual optimist, and Vern, a control freak. The show follows their struggle to establish a small business, match their clients, and manage their accidental receptionist, the sweet and naive Cammie. Vern and Charna believe they have what it takes to find true love for all the unloveable bastards in the world. Inspired by their love or reality TV and Vern's one [possibly*] successful match, the duo transformed their living room into a working office and embarked on their new business venture, Don't Die Alone, LLC. At the core of Match Makers is the relationship between Charna and Vern, who seem very different on the surface, but have the same twisted core. Vern's dry pessimism is no threat to Charna's inner peace, but Charna's blithe optimism triggers Vern's rage blackouts. Cammie, for her part, is easily confused and just wants every day to be a good day!
873 ::: The Predator Goes to Town (2005) ::: This archival making-of piece features remarks from Jim and John Thomas, Hopkins, Levy, Alonso, Glover, Busey, and Paxton. We also get some goofy comments from Californians on the street. The filmmakers go over basic story issues and not much more.
874 ::: Witchstalker (2014) ::: Jerica has had a pretty crazy night. She broke every single one of the "Scream" Scary Movie Rules...and lived! By doing so, she becomes the WITCHSTALKER...the latest in a long line of witch killers who have kept humanity safe. With the help of Wilder (her watcher), Jerica must fight zombies, werewolves and other ghouls to stop the evil witch Ivana from using her army of undead to take over the world! Boobs, blades and blood!
875 ::: "Golden Era with Annu Kpoor" (2011) ::: The show is a reminiscence of Indian cinema with veteran Anu Kapoor. The show is a walk through the melodious and heart touching era of Bollywood music. The show is divided into three harmonious segments followed by some memorable songs. Show starts with ins and outs of Bollywood and ends with a poetic feel which left you in the mood of nostalgia. It's a mesmerizing journey of an hour from 9 to10 only on Mastiii channel.
876 ::: 30 Milligram (2014) ::: When aging is gigantic, youth unemployment unstoppable, the financial crisis unapproachable and the Netherlands is in its biggest recession of all time. They come with a solution, the Babyboom Outleadings Disposition Officials. A new law who will get the Netherlands back in to the world economics. Two employees working for the government are tasked to euthanize babyboomers with one description. 30 Milligram.
877 ::: Phantom Thread (2017) ::: Set in the glamour of 1950's post-war London, renowned dressmaker Reynolds Woodcock (Daniel Day-Lewis) and his sister Cyril (Lesley Manville) are at the center of British fashion, dressing royalty, movie stars, heiresses, socialites, debutants and dames with the distinct style of The House of Woodcock. Women come and go through Woodcock's life, providing the confirmed bachelor with inspiration and companionship, until he comes across a young, strong-willed woman, Alma (Vicky Krieps), who soon becomes a fixture in his life as his muse and lover. Once controlled and planned, he finds his carefully tailored life disrupted by love.
878 ::: Huntin Bigfoot (2014) ::: Welo wins the lottery and buys Amanda a production company that produces a cable hunting show for her wedding gift. Welo disappears on their honeymoon leaving Amanda to run the show by herself .she make some dubious choices and the whole crew is affected ending up with some of the most unusual love affairs that are out of this world
879 ::: "Voodoo Vanessa" (2016) ::: Should come with a warning label! Voodoo Vanessa is a new web-series created from the mind of Caribbean born Sonalii Castillo. Full of dark humor and surprises, we will be taken on a fun ride with these funny and out of this world characters. Every week there will be a new adventure full of mischief and fun that will leave the audiences laughing in their seats and wanting more. As our heroines grow in their friendship and sharing their lives, it will be proven once again that opposites do attract. Stay tuned!
880 ::: Karma Road (2010) ::: Karma Road is a non-traditional Film about a modern generation Indian American college student whose life is challenged by the many obstacles she overcomes throughout a course of time. A Philadelphia native, Laxshmi (Manini Gupta) thrives off of the city's underdog attitude to survive all that she encounters including: Rape, Drug Abuse, Prison Life, Street Life, all the while loosing faith in her religion and family values.
881 ::: Jay baba pashupatinath (1996) ::: Srikant lives a wealthy, Hindu upper-caste lifestyle in India along with his mom and dad. He has fallen in love with Urvashi, who comes from a lower-caste, and does not meet with the approval of his father, who wants him to get married to Sharda, who is poor, but belongs to their caste. His dad threatens to commit suicide until Srikant relents and gets married to Sharda. On the wedding night, Srikant gets drunk, and Sharda, a devotee of Bhagwan Shri Shiv and Pashupatinath, shuns him, and he goes straight into the arms of Urvashi. This shocks his dad, who passes away, leaving Sharda to get all the blame. While running away from a snake, Srikant falls down, gets paralyzed, and loses the control of the left side of his body. A guilt-ridden Sharda, who is also accused of stealing a valuable jewel called 'Naagmani', then goes to ask Urvashi to come and live with them, while she will act as their servant. A delighted Urvashi readily agrees, but changes her mind when she sees that Srikant is disabled, and leaves. This leaves the way clear for Sharda and Srikant, but not for long - for Urvashi returns back - this time claiming that she is carrying Srikant's child - and has no intention of leaving!!
882 ::: The Regiment (1977) ::: The Royal Greenjackets is one of the crack infantry regiments of the British army. This film observes officers and men training (and relaxing) in Dover, in ceremonial duties in the Tower of London, and in action, as part of the United Nations force, in Cyprus.
883 ::: Secret Desires of a Housewife (2004) ::: Cindy, a newlywed who's determined to do her part to contribute to the household income, together with her ultra-hot friend Heather, set up a web cam site in Heather's front room. As Heather tests the site, Cindy watches the hot action from her house. When Cindy's husband returns, things really get steamy.
884 ::: Secret Mysteries of America's Beginnings Volume 2: Riddles in Stone - The Secret Architecture of Washington D.C. (2007) ::: This documentary explores the highly controversial subject of the design of America's capital. Was the city built to reflect the majesty of America's newfound freedom? Or the hidden agenda of secret societies? With every major cornerstone laid by Freemasons, was the city built in a Masonic pattern? Embark upon this incredible journey as Riddles in Stone interviews experts on both sides of the heated debate. Watch as Freemason apologists defend some of the most direct and hard-hitting questions concerning the influence of Masonry in America, and its symbolism in Washington, D.C. Alongside them are leading researchers who maintain that occult architecture permeates the city, and conceals a secret agenda. Was D.C. laid out according to the pattern of the stars? Is there really a pentagram in the street layout north of the White House? Does a Masonic square and compass extend from the Capitol building to the Washington monument? And why is the city filled with zodiac symbols, mysterious faces, and various god and goddess images? If America was founded as a Christian nation only, where are the images of Jesus Christ? Or does Washington D.C. symbolize another Christ, the Masonic Christ?
885 ::: Mademoiselle Moreau (1995) ::: An up-close portrait of actress Jeanne Moreau, following her through six months of her travels, her work shooting films, and her personal life, with her own words and unique voice guiding the viewer along her extraordinary life, loves and performances. Culminates with Ms. Moreau opening the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
886 ::: "Crashing" (2017) ::: While staying at T.J. Miller's place, Pete witnesses a comic who is unable to "turn it off''; Pete and T.J. travel upstate for his wife's yard sale; Pete unexpectedly teams up with Leif to get back a prized possession; Jess voices her true feelings.
887 ::: 874 Miles (2015) ::: Thirty-something Londoner, Will Parker's, average life is shattered when he receives a terminal diagnosis. With little time remaining, Will abandons everything to embark on a voyage of self-discovery. Following in his Father's footsteps (or bike-tracks), Will attempts to complete what his Father failed to finish: a bicycle journey from Land's End in Cornwall to John O'Groats in the Scottish Highlands. Will's final desperate wish is to make it from sea to sea - 874 Miles.
888 ::: Time Being (1991) ::: Gunvor Nelson stares intently at her mother Carin, a woman whose body has been devastated by the challenges of her last days on this earth. In three astute shots, Nelson looks with honesty rather than awe at a woman whose spirit has somehow flown away but whose body still demands a share of our time and our space.
889 ::: A Hole in the Head (1959) ::: Tony Manetta runs an unsuccessful Miami hotel, on which he can't meet the payments. Another liability is his weakness for dames (Shirl, his sexy current flame, is even less responsible than Tony). But a solid asset is Ally, his sensible 12-year-old son. When Tony wants stolid brother Mario to bail him out again, Mario makes conditions: give up Ally, or at least get married to a "nice, quiet little woman" of his selection. Tony and Ally just play along to be diplomatic, but when the woman in question proves to look like Eleanor Parker...
890 ::: Sharada (1973) ::: A psychiatrist (Shobhanbabu) visits a small village for a friend's marriage. Everyone thinks they've seen a ghost. The doctor soon figures out the reason, in the process finds Sarada (actress/politician Sharada) who believes him to be her missing husband. Sarada has lost her sanity over time, the psychiatrist find that the only way he can help her regain her sanity is by playing along with her madness.
891 ::: Questions and Comments (????) ::: Hal, a reclusive hermit, pays tribute to his mother's death by calling various "Questions and Comments" hot-line to capitalize on their 100% customer satisfaction guarantee until the country's biggest food and beverage conglomerate, KNACK, hits him with a lawsuit. Armed with nothing but free food samples and the less than mediocre legal aide of his eccentric next door neighbor Amelia, Hal must lead the battle against the corporate giants to retain his peaceful solitary existence.
892 ::: Peace Ambassadors (2017) ::: Hayat Allahverdiyeva, Belis Olum Ozan Çabuk Kemal Muratspahic In line with the traditions of 23rd April Children's Day, they take it in turns to host each other at home every year. Though they come from different cultures and express themselves in different languages, their short time together has paved the way to important changes in their lives. Their togetherness reminds us of a word we have begun to forget: Peace... Peace Ambassadors tells the story of a 90-year old public holiday with an international tradition spanning 38 years, together with 20 years of the Gaziemir Festival, intertwined with the stories of four Peace Ambassadors and five countries.
893 ::: "Pleading Sanity" (2013) ::: Pleading Sanity: The Experiment is a science fiction thriller that shows what happens when a man will go to any length to achieve scientific discovery, regardless of the consequences on both his family and society. The line between good and evil is hard to define when pleading sanity.
894 ::: Miss High Times 2008: Swimsuit Video (2008) ::: HIGH TIMES is pleased to announce the release of our first-ever MISS HIGH TIMES 2008 SWIMSUIT film. Buds, bongs and bikinis rule when ten gorgeous ganja gals head down to Negril for the 2008 Miss HIGH TIMES Pageant. From the 7-mile white sand beach to YS Falls, from the cliffs and caves to the green fields of Ganja Mountain--hosts Bobby Black and Miss HIGH TIMES 2007 Sarah take you behind the scenes for a revealing look at the making of the 2008 HIGH TIMES Swimsuit Issue and the crowning of our new spokesmodel.
895 ::: The Ghosts of Angela Webb (2005) ::: Angela Webb believes her house is haunted. Psychics Alexander Stewart and Bernadette Fieldstone are contacted to try to uncover the secrets hidden within her home. What they experience is more than a mere haunting. They come to understand that reality is far more horrifying than fiction. What makes this ghost story unique is that it is based on a true story. In 2001 the two psychics investigated an old western New Jersey farmhouse. So powerful were the images they captured on film, a British television production company met with Angela Webb to do a television special at her house! The story IS factual; the conclusion is shocking.
896 ::: Attack on the Pin-Up Boys (2007) ::: After the unusual attack (tossing of a bag of feces) on a school 'flower boy' (heartthrob or pretty boy), Sungmin, on February 14, the same attacks begin to happen at different high schools on every month of the same day. Rumors say that the next victims will be at Neulparan High School. The studious student Kibum decides to investigate the matter, blogging all of the terror events on the 14th of each month, causing the event to become a hot topic within the student body. After several attacks, Kibum predicts that the next victim will be either Siwon, president of the student body; Heechul, president of the dance club; or Kangin, the captain of the Judo Team.
897 ::: Ich bin eine Insel (2007) ::: 'Gregor Schnitzler' (qv)'s heartbreaking drama focuses on a traumatized woman, who has to deal with a clinging young girl. After one of her students has died tragically, Thea Winkler quit her job as a teacher, and her husband Michael wants to end their marriage. She avoids to much contact with other people, but the grumpy woman -unfortunately- gets to know Rosa, a 10 years old overweight girl, searching for a substitute mother...
898 ::: Santeria: The Soul Possessed (2012) ::: Ostensibly based on a true story, Revelation is a claustrophobic account of what happens when you accept food from a stranger. Nine year-old Ricky Banda is given a cursed Eucharist, and returns home only to be locked in by an evil force, along with his Aunt and Cousin. Only one however, will emerge...
899 ::: Oil Rocks: City Above the Sea (2009) ::: "Oil Rocks" - behind the enigmatic name lies the first and largest offshore oil-platform ever built, a vast city in the middle of the Caspian Sea, built by Stalin in 1949. 60 years on, "Oil Rocks" is still operational and the first western film crew ever receives access. Just imagine: 200 kilometers of bridges, thousands of oil workers, hundreds of platforms, up to nine-story buildings, a park and sports field, nothing less then an oil-rig Atlantis, only real. Combining archive footage from the Soviet era and the exclusive new footage, the film tells the story of this timeless place and it's inhabitants.
900 ::: Banished (2009) ::: Banished tells the story of the aftermath of the Gaza Disengagement. Director Igal Hecht completes his Disengagement trilogy which started with Qassam (2004) and Disengaging Democracy (2006). The film investigates in-depth what went wrong with the rehabilitation of those forcefully removed and why is it that the Israeli media has avoided the topic. True to his nature Hecht, does not shy away from asking the hard questions. The film has been in production since 2006 and includes interviews with Chaim Yavin, Gush Katif residents, Nitzan Chen and others. Israel's foreign minister (Tzipy Livny) is also featured.
901 ::: Teenage Rebellion (1967) ::: "Across the country, every Friday and Saturday night, they gather in the temples to perform ceremonial dances to a rhythm that seems to reach back in time. It's called the beat." A quickie documentary, originally paired on a drive-in double bill with "Mondo Mod," claims to provide the lowdown on crazy teenage goings-on around the globe. We are shown glimpses of the Los Angeles Sunset Strip teen riots, The Paris student revolt, and the English mods and rockers running wild in Brighton. Things soon wind down to such critical issues of the day as go-go dancing, striped hip huggers, bikers, and surfing, all of which are seen to have worldwide popularity.
902 ::: Truffle Runners (2018) ::: Steve and Gene have to deliver an expensive box of stolen chocolates to a notoriously violent gangster. Everything is going according to plan until Gene's wife mistakenly assumes the box is a romantic gift from Gene, and eats all of the chocolates.
903 ::: "Douces France(s)" (2012) ::: Series explores the French regions where through the interesting and unusual activities we discover most impressive sights and people who lives there. With magnificent panorama shots you can discover French natural and architectural diversities.
904 ::: Thames Film (1987) ::: This movie is an experimental documentary following the flow of the Thames out of London to the sea. It has a narration from John Hurt that takes the form of reading old manuscripts, books and news articles, and also a posthumous narration from poet TS Eliot reading from his own work, The Dry Salvages from the Four Quartets. Engravings, paintings, and archival film are juxtaposed against the contemporary footage, including Pieter Breughel the Elder's "The Triumph of Death" (c.1562) from the Prado Museum.
905 ::: We Are the Navy Blues: History of Carlton (2015) ::: Jesaulenko, Nicholls, Kernahan, Silvagni, Bradley and Doull...just some of the champions who have worn the Good Old Navy Blue of Carlton with pride and distinction. Men who have helped take this foundation member of the VFL to premiership glory and cemented the club's place at the very pinnacle of sporting greatness.
906 ::: Kamihate shouten (2012) ::: In an isolated town, there is a small store run by an old woman. People who's not apparently her neighbors drop by the store before going up on the cliff where is known for committing suicides. She knows what will they do on the cliff but says nothing. The story follows her how she changes throughout the winter.
907 ::: Rise and Shine (2007) ::: For the past 45 years, drama teacher Charlotte Brown has been making a difference with her students. She has built a nationally recognized theater department, received numerous "Teacher of the Year" awards and has had many former students become movie stars, politicians, lawyers, college professors, and writers for film and television. "RISE and SHINE" follows a year in the life of Ms. Brown's current high school drama students and explores the phenomenon of speech and debate tournaments where she has coached many state champions. Journey with a one-of-a-kind teacher and her talented students as they prepare for a successful life and find out what it takes to be part of a winning team.
908 ::: The Shelter (2005) ::: Death has come to a small southern town. A biological weapon has been unleashed, driving residents insane before killing them. A small group of soldiers and civilians take refuge in a bunker for chemical warfare. Their sanctuary may turn into their tomb. Water is low and one of them will do what ever it takes to stay alive. When the end of the world comes are you safe in ... The Shelter
909 ::: The Firing Line (1988) ::: An American military advisor becomes disillusioned by the brutality and corruption of the Central American government which hired him. When his shift in sympathies becomes known, he's arrested and tortured but soon escapes, along with a beautiful American woman, in order to join the rebels.
910 ::: "Weekend Getaways" (2016) ::: Each episode the host, Amanda, shows you places to stay, things to do and places to eat to pack in a vacation in just a few days. Showing you places off the beaten path for great Weekend Getaways of fun. Each Weekend Getaway is prepackaged for everything you need from places to stay, things to do and places to eat.
911 ::: "Alyssa's Tips for Easy Parenting" (2015) ::: Alyssa believes herself to be the perfect mommy. And she thinks it is her job to help others mommies be perfect, too. She creates a video blog (a vlog), to share all of the tips she has learned in her two short years as a mommy to Mary Grace. This series is her vlog.
912 ::: 2021 (2013) ::: John Cooper is a computer programming genius who starts working on a project to reverse engineer human intelligence using a map of the human genome. John becomes increasingly disillusioned and severely depressed as he begins to question any possible meaning of human thoughts and emotions that can be replicated on computer software. On the verge of a mental breakdown, he meets Emily-a shy, bohemian novelist that is unable to find emotional sustenance outside of the world of her own writing. This is the story of two lost souls searching for a shadow of love in an increasingly alienating modern world.
913 ::: Overshadowed (2017) ::: Walter is a nice guy. Every day he goes to his mundane job at a stationary supplier and does an adequate job. He's generally unremarkable, but people like him, and he hopes that one day Alice will like him. Walter loves Alice.Maintaining his facade isn't always easy, because following his every move, is his Shadow, the suspicious, paranoid and manipulative voice inside his head. The Shadow thinks Walter should stop worrying about other peoples feelings and do whatever is required, to get what he wants. When Walter finally summons the courage to ask Alice out it's too late, she's already agreed to go out with Walters handsome and successful nemesis Derek, It's here he must decide whether to use the Shadows help and risk losing his friends, or maintaining his good guy façade and risk that his love goes unrequited.
914 ::: Tan cerca como pueda (2012) ::: Visibly beaten by the turns that took his life, turning in false, Daniel returns to his town. The work is scarce, his ex-wife constantly demands an economic contribution that he is not in a position to do, the prospects are generally not very encouraging: in this scenario, the preparation for the baptism of his sister's son, who has chosen him as Godfather, will give you a modest purpose, for a few days at least. Simultaneously, his great nephew, Giovanni, settles in his apartment, and there is something of the boy's lack of direction in which both seem to be recognizing themselves little by little.
915 ::: Les mains nettes (1958) ::: The jobs of the white-collar employees of a Quebecois trucking company are dull, monotonous and banal - but it's a solid living. That is until management deems the personnel department to be outdated and inefficient and hire a new manager to correct the problem. Marguerite, one of the employees in the personnel department, is promoted to be the new Manager's secretary based solely on his sexual attraction to her. Marguerite is initially receptive to his flirting and compliant with his demands to spy on her former colleagues. She reaches her limit when his flirtation becomes aggressive and also when he decides to fire an employee with 45 years of loyal service to the company. The employees resent and rebel against this action, and Marguerite, being a former labor activist, becomes their unofficial leader. Discussions about establishing a union to deal with their grievances take place and a new group spirit emerges despite the resistance of some employees. However, with management pushing forward on their plan, the employees may be too late to save their jobs...
916 ::: "Age Appropriate" (2017) ::: Age Appropriate is the story of Carlie, a 40-something woman who finds herself facing financial struggles and a whole lot of singleness. We watch as she attempts to navigate life as a creative and "unconventional" woman who is uninterested in following societal norms.
917 ::: Hidden Cave (2013) ::: Formed roughly 21,000 years ago, Hidden Cave became an important place for the people whom inhabited the Carson Sink in Western Nevada 3,800-3,500 years ago and has become a premier archaeological and cultural site within the Fallon, Nevada community and around the world.
918 ::: The Ordinary Life of Totally Psycho (1999) ::: A young Japanese woman studying in San Francisco agrees to star in the work of a fellow student and aspiring filmmaker. All she has to do is go about her everyday life for one week, while he films her with hidden cameras everywhere she goes, 24 hours a day. Although the task seems simple at first, unusual things begin happening around her, and she is no longer able to distinguish between what is her real life and what has been staged for the film.
919 ::: Postia pappi Jaakobille (2009) ::: With few options, newly pardoned convict Leila agrees to work as an assistant to a blind pastor. Father Jacob spends his days answering the letters of the needy, which Leila finds pointless. But when the letters stop, the pastor is devastated and Leila finds herself cast in a new role.
920 ::: Singularity (2017) ::: In 2020, Elias van Dorne (John Cusack), CEO of VA Industries, the world's largest robotics company, introduces his most powerful invention--Kronos, a super computer designed to end all wars. When Kronos goes online, it quickly determines that mankind, itself, is the biggest threat to world peace and launches a worldwide robot attack to rid the world of the "infection" of man. Ninety-seven years later, a small band of humans remain alive but on the run from the robot army. A teenage boy, Andrew (Julian Schaffner) and a teenage girl, Calia (Jeannine Wacker), form an unlikely alliance to reach a new world, where it is rumored mankind exists without fear of robot persecution. But does this world actually exist? And will they live long enough to find out?
921 ::: Jamie: Drag Queen at 16 (2011) ::: Documentary following the story of teenager Jamie Campbell, who wants to be a drag queen. Growing up in an ex-mining village in County Durham, Jamie has already faced his fair share of difficulties after coming out as gay at 14. However, with the majority of his family and friends being supportive, he has decided that he is ready to share his passion with the world. He plans to embrace who he really is by attending his end of school prom in drag, but he doesn't get the reaction he'd hoped for from both his school and, heart-breakingly, his own father. So Jamie has to make some difficult decisions. Jamie spends time with an established drag artist and battles his demons, performing as his alter ego, Fifi La True, for the very first time in front of a large audience. As Jamie has some frank and intimate family moments, and finds out just how strong he really is, the film explores his hopes and fears for the future. Will he get the acceptance he craves from his peers and the confidence to be who he really is?
922 ::: Burning from the Inside (2007) ::: Interviewing over one hundred people in an often very hostile environment is already a momentous battle but when the film has been completed, convincing the media that the documentary has been historical and not political was another horrendous battle. Many TV networks rejected the film just because it was either "too political" in parts and was in black and white and it was longer than 60 minutes; the standard format being 30 to 60 minutes and in color. The main protagonists in the documentary have also been confused about the choice of black and white and about some of the director's other projects and this has perhaps been the last winning task to perform. Life is never black or white -or what it seems- especially in this part of the world. Besides when there is only one white person (the director) amongst 100 people interviewed including the crew, the film was artistically defined from the onset.
923 ::: The Joy of Disco (2012) ::: A film about how a much-derided music actually changed the world. Between 1969 and 1979 disco was born through gay liberation, female desire in the age of feminism and led to the birth of modern club culture before taking the world by storm. This in turn led to the 'Disco Sucks' movement and the inevitable backlash.
924 ::: Lash of the Whip (1926) ::: "Hurricane" Smith ( Francis Ford ), head of a steamship company, plots to keep the railroad from entering the city. The map of the proposed route becomes the instrument by which Blake ( Frank Baker ) and Florence ( Florence Gilbert ) are harassed by Smith's gang and repeatedly are rescued by "Pinto Pete," ( Ashton Dearholt ) who is adept with a whip.
925 ::: The Other Foot (????) ::: When is enough really enough? There's a world of pain that we've yet to get a firm grasp on. This pain is DOMESTIC VIOLENCE. Often what ultimately radiates from this compact source of pain and struggle is DEATH. When will we look outside of the proverbial box we encase our own lives in to please others? What is beyond the box of life? Without knowledge of law, resources, and assistance, we will never know, and remain trapped in the cycle of pain that results, enveloped by ANGER, which then explodes into sheer unchecked VIOLENCE. Violence by a person again their intimate partner is often done as a way for controlling their partner, even if the violence is not the most frequent, and not expected. DOMESTIC VIOLENCE affects us all. Although we are often unaware that it does. No person, family, community or nation is immune to this devastating disease that plagues those affected deeply.
926 ::: Suicide Poet (2012) ::: After going to the hospital for a routine check up, Bruce Jay discovered his leg was infected with gas gangrene and had to have it severed below the knee that very night. The trauma of being an amputee haunted Jay with depression and suicidal thoughts. Lacking the funds to seek help from the academic world of psychologists, philosophers or doctors, Jay examines his discombobulated life from a street perspective. Through talking with people, using his dark comedy and jaded point of view, he seeks to discover if life is worth living. "Suicide Poet" is the every man's thinking movie that makes light of a very dark subject and dares you to come along for the ride.
927 ::: Band of Rebels: White Horses of Camargue (2016) ::: Presenting sweeping panoramas of the horses galloping through the Camargue marshlands of Southern France, this video explores the relationship of the gardian caretakers and the horses. Dating back to the 1500s, the gardian's role is a time-honored tradition based on mutual, earned trust and respect enabled by their history living among these wild animals.
928 ::: Mon papa est un gangster (2014) ::: A Montreal gangster is tired of the game, he tries to leave. But before taking his retirement, he has to accomplish one last job. His wife Sarah (Karine Turcot) and kid Dom (Jeremy Delisle) need him, but life will choose an other path for Emilio (Rami EL Batnigi). A few years later, Dom (Maxim Boulay) and his best friend Matias (Dave Croussette) decide to follow the same path as Emilio.
929 ::: Talibe: The Least Favored Children of Senegal (2011) ::: The important tradition of Islamic education in Senegal has been left to develop in disturbingly perverted ways. 50.000 Koranic students (Talibes), young boys between 4 and 15 years old are subjected to exploitation in conditions akin to slavery. They are forced to beg on the streets by their Koranic schoolteachers and suffer severe physical abuse and neglect. Following the staff of local grassroots NGO 'La Maison de la Gare' (MDG) during their daily efforts to find solutions for the terrible conditions the boys are subjected to, the documentary sets out on a poetic exploration of the nature and circumstances that breed and prolong the suffering of these children.
930 ::: Wash Up (????) ::: Wash Up follows Mason O'Brien, short-lived National Hockey League player and reluctant minor leaguer, as he revisits his hometown and the colourful characters that populate it. While hiding the reason he is home during the hockey season, Mason is forced to figure out if it's finally time to hang up his skates. Mason O'Brien is a failed first round NHL pick who returns to his small town childhood home during the hockey season. While hiding the true reason he is home, Mason is finally forced to confront the idea that his hockey playing days may be over.
931 ::: The Makeover (2013) ::: This is an update of George Bernard Shaw's "Pygmalion" that changes the genders of the main characters. Hannah Higgins attempts to turn blue-collar Boston beer vendor Elliot Doolittle into a viable candidate and inadvertently learns something of Elliot's side of life.
932 ::: Papanisher (2016) ::: A story about a Priest, A Sin and A Vengeance. It was a lovely day until one team of thieves stole from the Church. At their first try, they hit a priest so hard that they lead him into a coma. Will he come back? Will he get revenge? This is just the beginning.
933 ::: Idomeneo (2013) ::: Even though in recent years Idomeneo has been staged more frequently, this Mozart masterpiece can hardly be counted among the operas (the Da Ponte trilogy in primis) that made of the Salzburg composer one of the greatest operatic composers of all times. Yet Idomeneo was, in its day, a revolutionary work, animated by music that appears remarkably innovative and profoundly theatrical. This double DVD set presents the Teatro San Carlo of Naples's staging, signed by Pier Luigi Pizzi, one of today's most creative directors. Marco Guidarini, on the podium, conducts a cast of international renown.
934 ::: The Bad Game (2009) ::: Two best friends, Michael and Victor, head out from the U.S. to travel Europe on summer vacation. In Antwerp, Belgium, a group of Russian hit men suddenly terrorize the guys and kidnaps Victor. Michael is left behind, tortured mentally and physically. He does everything to find and save Victor. However when he does find him, he realizes a big secret has been kept from him the whole time - and learns that those closest to you can hide the biggest lies.
935 ::: Secret Scout in the Temple of Demise (1991) ::: Separated from your troops by unexplainable events, you are trying to find your way back to civilization. Just when you think you are going to be saved, the rescuing team turned out to be part of Dr. Demise's organization. In order to sever his hold on the jungle region, you must search the ruins of an ancient temple in the hope of finding and destroying Dr. Demise.
936 ::: "Türkisch für Anfänger" (2006) ::: Nach Axels vermeintlichem Selbstmordversuch ist seine Therapeutin Doris von Schuldgefühlen geplagt. Und Lena, die ebenfalls auf Rücksicht justiert ist, kann Axel erst recht nicht mehr abschießen. Obwohl Liebe sich anders buchstabiert. Aber Cem kann sie auch nicht vergessen und der bietet ihr schließlich ein unmoralisches Angebot an: eine Affäre! Moral oder nicht Moral. Das ist hier die Frage.
937 ::: Spongebob Squarepants: Sea Side Story (2017) ::: Bikini Bottom's baddest gang, the Sharks, just got a new member!...But can SpongeBob prove that he isn't as square as he looks when they face their rivals, the Pods? Soak up the action and 7 more tales of nautical nonsense, including prophetic fortune cookies, Sandy's newest food craze, countless SpongeBob clones and more.
938 ::: Saatchya Aat Gharat (2004) ::: The film speaks of society's unchanged outlook towards the women - especially rape victims - despite modernization, the movie centers around the rape of a college girl by an impostor cop. While tackling the issue of morality, the film also discusses the pub-crawling, body-piercing, jeans-clad youth culture.
939 ::: Killer Shorts 2 (2010) ::: Faux Pas Films' third feature length film "KILLER SHORTS 2", the second installment in the horror anthology series. This movie is another throwback to the old days of horror hosts such as Elvira and the Twilight Zone that introduced the macabre scenes in frightful and comedic ways. Features 3 new shorts: "The Killer's Meow" - A group of friends decide to party in an old abandoned house but the house isn't as abandoned as they thought. When they encounter the crazy cat lady, members of the group begin to disappear. Can those remaining figure out the mystery before they too fall victim to the killer's meow? "The Last Rendezvous 2: Retribution" - We continue the story of Wendell and Samantha as a masked killer once again stalks and kills all around them. A huge cast filled with mysteries comes to light in the conclusion to the film that began in Killer Shorts 1. "The Opportunist" - Aden is struggling with kidney stones yet trying to be somewhat sociable. When he meets Melinda, spark fly but will he be able to have the night of his life or will the kidney stones get in the way? All connected by host Count Balazar and his friends.
940 ::: The Park Is Mine (1998) ::: Live concert video by Pulp released by Vision Video in November 1998, following the release of their album This Is Hardcore. It was recorded at Finsbury Park, London on July 25th, 1998.
941 ::: "What a Country" (1986) ::: 26 episodes of this syndicated show were produced in 1986 to 1987 debuting in September 1986. Taylor Brown teaches a night school course to recent immigrants trying to pass the citizenship test. The class consists of Nikolai, a Russian taxi driver; Laslo, a retired Hungarian doctor; Ali, a Pakistani; Robert the son of a deposed African king; Maria, the housekeeper working for a rich Beverly Hills family; Victor, a Hispanic in love with maria; and Yung Hi, a shy Chinese woman. Joan Courtney was the principal of the school in the first year but wa replaced by Bud McPherson early in 1987.
942 ::: La nuit a dévoré le monde (2018) ::: After waking up in an apartment where only the night before a party was raging, Sam is forced to come to grips with reality: He is now alone and the living dead have invaded the streets of Paris. Petrified with fear, Sam is going to have to barricade himself inside the building and organize his survival. But is he really the sole survivor?
943 ::: A Wheady Mile (????) ::: A tragedy brings the four childhood friends back together after many years. While granting a death wish, they become witnesses to three executions and gives them no choice but to run for their life's.
944 ::: "Varta Re Varta" (2016) ::: Raise your hands if you are a gujarati and can relate to listening to the line "varta re varta" as a kid. But hey, every adult still has a child hidden within him. So why not have a webseries in gujarati just to get the feel of cinema in our mother tongue?! So Nilanj Entertainment brings to you a one of it's kind thriller web series, for the first time ever.
945 ::: "Kesslers Knigge" (2009) ::: In this short lived but later viral TV series, Michael Kessler shows how not to behave in various situations, like at the first day at work, in public places or with relatives and/or children. Although it is funny, you shouldn't imitate anything in this.
946 ::: Camino cortado (1955) ::: Antonio is a nineteen-year-old orphan to whom his mother has left a huge fortune. Unfortunately his tactless tutor has undertaken to dispossess him - little by little - of his money. Antonio, who is not wet, is aware of his tutor's schemes and decides to put an end to them. To this end, he asks a gang of young bandits to break into his own house and to steal the money ... which is his! The burglars perform their task satisfyingly, not without killing the tutor, but when they leave Antonio's house they are surprised to find the road blocked. In fact the neighboring valley is to be flooded by the opening of a dam...
947 ::: Waiting to Leave (2011) ::: Jacob Cruz, a senior in high school has recently been stagnant at best. With his senior year coming to an end, he decides to take full advantage of his youth, and embark on what he thinks will be the craziest, action-filled summer of his life.
948 ::: Crackerjack (2002) ::: When dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes a local bowling club and prime candidate for a takeover, it's all hands on deck to save the club, in what turns into an epic battle where young meets old, greed meets good and people rise to the occasion in extraordinary circumstances. An enterprising jokester is a member of a local bowling club purely for the purpose of renting out his car park space to nearby workers. When dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes the bowling club a prime candidate for a takeover, it's all hands on deck to save the club.
949 ::: River of Grass (1994) ::: Near the Everglades, the "river of grass," lives Cozy (named for her father's favorite drummer), lonely, in a loveless marriage, ignoring her kids. She fantasizes being a dancer, an acrobat, and a gymnast. One night at a bar she meets Lee. He's jobless, homeless, and unbeknownst to Cozy, is in possession of her father's handgun. Dad's a cop and lost the gun chasing a robber. Cozy and Lee climb a fence to swim in a pool. Playing around with the gun, they think they kill the pool's owner, so they go on the lam. An odd partnership develops even though they're short on ideas. But how can they escape their barren lot if they don't even have a quarter for the road toll?
950 ::: "American Scene" (1952) ::: Running just until the end of the summer season of 1952, this show presented viewers each Sunday evening with a series of thirty-minute documentary films on a variety of subjects. Most of the shorts were semi-educational in nature, looking at some of the more interesting aspects of society.
951 ::: Girl Disappears (2008) ::: Set in Eugene, Oregon, 'Girl Disappears' is the story of a group of nine girls who are about to turn 13. One in their group, Chloe, dies when a car hits her and then comes back to her friends as a ghost. Then, the girls realize that when one girl celebrates her 13th birthday, that girl can't see Chloe anymore. All the girls have to move on one by one, and the film dramatizes how this situation affects their friendships and Chloe's experience of becoming invisible. The climax of the movie occurs when Chloe, angry at being slowly left behind, uses her telekinetic abilities to destroy a building that holds memories from their childhood. The denouement involves the last girl to turn 13, just before her party, and Chloe appears to her for the last time, finally accepting of her fate. The final scene shows the girls the following spring, reunited to memorialize Chloe, and Chloe is sitting in a field close by, so there is a sense of resolution and hope. The title refers both to Chloe's literal disappearance, and to her friends, who are moving on from girlhood into adulthood. Most of the film's dialog was written or improvised by the actors, giving the film a naturalistic picture of adolescent life.
952 ::: "Shelter" (????) ::: The last survivors struggle to survive in a mighty underground shelter after an asteroid strikes Earth. What seems like a sanctuary at first soon devolves into conflict. All while questions emerge about conditions on the surface, suggesting it might not have been an asteroid that struck in the first place.
953 ::: Redemption 101 (2007) ::: Redemption 101 is a feature film that revolves around the quirky crew of the starship Redemption as they transport an ambitious bishop and his entourage to the remote Orion star system. It seems like just another mission for the battle-weary crew until they answer a distress signal from a seemingly deserted planet and end up with some alien passengers who are not quite what they seem. Before long they find themselves drawn into a world of mystical relics, ancient feuds, and apocalyptic events!
954 ::: Vivid (1999) ::: When a passionate young model convinces her boyfriend, a painter, to take to the canvas to renew their sexual chemistry, their erotic, uninhibited masterpieces command the attention of the art world. Smothered in paint, the couple slip and slide into a new realm of their relationship.
955 ::: Clownmedicin (2012) ::: At Astrid Lindgrens Children's Hospital we meet three children whose lives are all about examinations, treatment, and surgery. But there is also another world...the hospital clown's world. The clowns live in hidden rooms below the hospital. In encountering the children much laughter, imagination and dreams come alive.
956 ::: Yalp (2004) ::: YALP is an experimental short film in which the scenes are recorded in backward action. Replayed backward, the cast oddly acts forward while the environment suddenly moves backward. The film is about a weird library where only backward written books are available and a pickpocketing which leads to a funny pursuit in the streets.
957 ::: The Indian Fighter (1955) ::: Johnny Hawks, a former Indian fighter, returns to the West after the Civil War. He reacquaints himself with the Indian band led by Red Cloud. Red Cloud's beautiful daughter has now grown into womanhood... Unscrupulous whisky traders are after the gold on Indian land. Hawks averts serious bloodshed by convincing Red Cloud to make a treaty... Hawks leads an Oregon-bound wagon train through Indian territory. When he slips away to see the chief's daughter, trouble between braves and whisky traders flares up anew, putting the wagon train and the nearby fort in peril... At the end of the US Civil War, Johnny Hawks returns and tries to re-start his life. He was once a renowned Indian fighter but had made peace with the Sioux and had become friendly with the Chief, Red Cloud. His immediate task is to lead an Oregon-bound wagon train through Sioux territory but there are some among the settlers who have heard of a gold mine and will go to any lengths to find it. Every time Hawks thinks he has arranged a peace two men in particular, Wes Todd and another named Chivington seem to make it impossible to keep the peace. Hawks also finds that the Chief's daughter, Ohnahti, has grown into a beautiful woman. Despite Hawks' best efforts, war seems inevitable.
958 ::: Savitri Satyavan (1923) ::: India's first international co-production. The love-is-stronger-than-death story sees Savitri, the daughter of King Ashwapati and a goddess, fall for Satyavan who is destined to die within a year. He is killed by a tree and his soul is gathered by the god Yama but he returns to life and there is a happy ending for the lovers. Some nudity and other 'erotic' images were removed to satisfy the censors.
959 ::: Oasis (2005) ::: Joe (Matt Kelterborn) and his best friend Albert (Mario Carrill) feel stuck in Suburbia with every day being identical, until one day in chemistry class, Joe stumbles upon an anti-depressant. Joe and Albert begin spreading the anti-depressant all over Suburbia, calling it Oasis. Oasis is an overnight success and it becomes evident to Joe and Albert that under the surface, their fellow suburbanites are far less perfect than they seem to be at a first glance. After spreading Oasis to every far corner of Suburbia, Joe and Albert begin to question their actions. Are they doing their customers a favor by giving them pure happiness, or are they in fact doing them a disservice by robbing them of their perception and real human emotion? Joe and Albert begin to question if ignorance is in fact bliss.
960 ::: "Quigley's Village" (1989) ::: "Quigley's Village" is a kids' show which employs both live actors and puppets. Mr. Quigley is the leader of the town, with Trundle, a toucan, living in a cage on Quigley's front porch. Other neighborhood kids include Bubba, a chimp; Danny Lion and his younger sister, Lemon (so named because of her pastel yellow-colored fur); Spike, a girl porcupine who talks with a bit of a Brooklyn accent; Milty, a moose; and Alex, a fox. The humans who work and live in the village besides Mr. Quigley include Dexter, a handyman; Molly, the letter carrier; and Dr. Caramore, the local physician who is always glad to help the kids whenever they're ill. Each episode centered around a particular life lesson; for example, hard work and practice (Spike wanted to tap dance in the village's talent show, but she never practiced and froze up on stage), avoiding temptation (Bubba's mother made three banana cream pies for the village's bake sale, but ate them after his mother told him not to), overcoming fear (Lemon was frightened when Dr. Caramore told her she had to give Lemon a shot for her sore throat, but Lemon didn't feel the shot), and exercising patience (Danny and Bubba wanted to make popcorn in Mr. Quigley's popcorn popping machine, but Mr. Quigley told them to wait until he got the top half of the popper. Danny and Bubba went ahead anyway and popcorn flew all over the playground).
961 ::: Sierra (1950) ::: Ring Hassard and father Jeff, wild horse breakers, live in a hidden mountain eyrie because Jeff is wanted for a murder he didn't commit. But things change when they take in a lost young lady, Riley Martin, who finds that Ring has "never seen a woman close up." Jeff is injured, Ring runs afoul of horse thieves and the law, and Riley (who turns out to be a lawyer) labors to clear the Hassards; but others would prefer them dead.
962 ::: "Reverb" (1999) ::: REVERB, the critically-acclaimed weekly HBO music series spotlighting emerging talent, ran for four season (1997-2001). REVERB captured the energy and spontaneity of live music by taking viewers on stage, backstage, and into the audience at some of the nation's premier venues. Joining artists on tour, without special staging or second takes, REVERB created an unfiltered, authentic and intimate experience where the viewer became part of the live show dynamic between artist and fan. A joint effort of HBO and Warner Music Group, REVERB featured a wide variety of artists from major and independent record labels. Artists performances featured on REVERB included Archers of Load, Bad Religion, Beastie Boys, Beck, Ben Folds Five, Bettie Serveert, Blondie, Bjork, Built To Spill, R.L. Burnside, Calexico, Tracy Chapman, Cheap Trick, Cibo Matto, Paula Cole, Cornelius, Cornershop, The Cult, Dinosaur Jr., Pete Droge, Eels, Everclear, Everlast, Fastball, Flaming Lips, Foo Fighters, Fountains of Wayne, G. Love & Special Sauce, Goldfinger, Grant Lee Buffalo, Green Day, Ben Harper, Robyn Hitchcock, Hole, Imperial Teen, Kid Rock, Lemonheads, Live, Melvins, The Mighty Mighty Bosstones, Moby, Morphine, Mos Def, Pavement, Pennywise, Primus, Rage Against The Machine, Reverend Horton Heat, Rocket from the Crypt, The Roots, Sebadoh, Semisonic, Smash Mouth, Sigur Ros, Super Furry Animals, Son Volt, Soul Coughing, Joe Strummer, Talib Kwali, Third Eye Blind, Walt Mink, Scott Weiland and Wilco.
963 ::: "The Hollywood Squares" (1971) ::: This is a prime-time or syndicated version of The Hollywood Squares that originated in 1971 after as successful run of the daytime version. The object of the game is to get 3 in a row either across, up and down, or diagonally. The contestants choose a celebrity, the host asks the celebrity the question and depending on what the celebrity's response is will depend on whether the contestant will agree or disagree. If the contestant gets the question correct they will get the square; if not the other contestant will get the square. Unless the contestant can win by getting that square then that contestant has to win the square on their own instead of getting it because the other contestant gets the answer wrong. Celebrites are encouraged to bluff the answers. Many times the celebrity will give a quick joke called a zinger. Male contestants are 'X' and Female contestants are 'O'
964 ::: Ninety Five (????) ::: 'Ninety Five' tells the story of Aidan - a rebellious young man from a dysfunctional family - who tries to discover a purpose in life and reconnect with his childhood love interest, Holly, against the background of racial and political tensions in Ireland in 1995. Aidan must ultimately choose between the working-class rural establishment and the prospect of a better life in Dublin as a student at Trinity College.
965 ::: Out of Newark (????) ::: OUT OF NEWARK documentary examines the life and work of the so called "Golden boy of literature", Philip Roth. Roth is America's most distinguished writer and winner of numerous awards for literature. This hard-hitting and realistic film reveals much about the author that has previously not been spoken about, such as his early life, relationship to his parents, family, his psychoanalytical encounters with the famous Dr. Hans Kleinschmidt, his two marriages, early schooling, college years and the controversy he caused. Roth's writing recreates Newark, New Jersey's golden time, uses unusual writing techniques and raises questions regarding fiction and reality. Interviewed are childhood, school friends and scholars who describe the historical period Roth grew up in, his honors, traumas, events that influenced his work and finally his recently announced retirement. This is a fascinating look into the life of a true American icon. This hard-hitting film reveals the live and work of America's most distinguished writer still alive, Philip Roth. His early life, relationships, inspirations, his psychoanalytical encounters with the famous Dr. Hans Kleinschmidt and the memories of an old Newark, New Jersey.
966 ::: The Weekend Nun (1972) ::: This movie is based on the true life story of a nun who goes to work as a probation officer. The story follows Sister Damian to her day job as probation officer Marjorie Walker. The naive nun is exposed to the seedy side of life, dealing with drug addicts and a suicidal teen prostitute, Audree. The show focuses on the conflict Sister Damian Marjorie has between her vows and her need to do the social work she feels is her calling.
967 ::: Toy Mountain Christmas Special (2011) ::: From 2002 to 2010, Rocky's Kidz has collected a total of 12,019 toys to be given to less fortunate kids as part of the Toy Mountain Campaign. Each year on December 25th, 100's of 1000's of kids are not fortunate enough to experience the joy of this magical time of the year. Kids from all walks of life and all backgrounds should be given the opportunity to smile with happiness. It does not matter what your background is or even what religion you are, giving a gift to a less fortunate kid will bring happiness to that child and will make you feel good inside at the same time. Together we can make a difference! Remember, children are children no matter where in the world they live. This year Rocky Stone and everyone at Rocky's Kidz are looking for support from all over the world! Even if you are only able to send one toy via mail, that one toy will put a BIG smile on a little kids face! Please open up your hearts and show that you care.
968 ::: Vallamai Thaaraayo (2008) ::: Vallamai Thaaraayo is a sensitive portrayal of a woman torn between a relationship, her own feelings and her desires. The movie deals with the story of a rebellious young woman who wishes to divorce her husband just because he is a good man. Are relationships really made in heaven? Do we have to compromise in our married life just to please the society? Is it always important to be politically correct? Vallamai Thaaraayo deals with the change that takes place in a married woman's psyche. Nandita and Anand are newly wed. But even after marriage, Nandita is unable to forget her lover Sekar and longs to go back to him. As a consequence, she feels distanced from her husband. The film explores the perspective that life doesn't need to be accepted as it is. That it is alright to question society, to be politically incorrect, to be selfish, to make mistakes and regret them. But the process of personal fulfillment must not stop at regret and acceptance of the status quo. It is also important to be proactive, and make a change for the better.
969 ::: Felicidades, Tovarich (1995) ::: Grandfather's birthday, a lifelong communist, is the preamble to a decision. Sick of the course of time, tired of the complacency of his son, whom he considers a traitor, his grandfather fled in a car with Adriana, his granddaughter, fifty years younger. He is a film editor and she, of video and both share the past of one and the future of another until the intervention of a reality show accelerates the end of the story.
970 ::: The Dancing Pumpkin and the Ogre's Plot (2017) ::: Halloween pumpkins protect the world from monsters. The Dancing Pumpkin is the heroic leader of the secret pumpkin world. One day the tiny messenger pumpkin, Perkalese, brings him troubling news about a plot by an evil ogre named Finkgrinder. With help from his monster fighting team of Heather, Chris, and Perkalese, the Dancing Pumpkin leads the way on a thrilling adventure to stop the Ogre.
971 ::: Baari Tar Bangla (2014) ::: A man in his forties faces the realization that he cannot write in Bengali any more. In an attempt to regain his abilities to write in Bengali, he visits a psychiatrist. So to find out the root psychological problem, psychiatrist asks him to narrate his life, his dreams and his frustrations. The story is about his efforts to regain his ability of writing in Bengali.
972 ::: Braca po babine linije (2016) ::: Radasin and Milasin are brothers but they don't talk with each other. Both of them got letters inviting them on mysterious journey from their village to Belgrade, capital of Serbia. Each one has an amusing path that leads to one place, but their family won't let them fulfill their destiny alone in the end.
973 ::: Gaucho Serenade (1940) ::: Gene Autry and sidekick Frog Millhouse depart Madison Square Garden and NYC heading west for home in their car and a horse trailer carrying Gene's horse, Champion. They discover that Ronnie Willoughby, a young boy just off the boat from school in England, has hitched a ride, thinking that Gene and Frog were sent by his father to meet him. Ronnie thinks his father is a big rancher in the west and doesn't know that his father, Alfred Willoughby, is serving time in San Quentin prison because of a frame-up by the officials of a packing company. To keep the father from testifying against them, the packing company officials, Carter, Jenkins and Martin, have arranged for the boy to be kidnapped. Along the way a runaway bride, Joyce Halloway, and her young sister Patsy join the troupe. Various members of the cast sing and dance their way through The Singing Hills, Gaucho Serenade, Give Out With a Song, Heading For the Wide Open Spaces, 'Tis Be, Keep Rollin' and A Song of Sunset before every situation is solved, and Gene gets Joyce, Frog gets Ringeye, the father is cleared and reunited with his UK-accented son and the villains are sent to the Republic Big House.
974 ::: Maging akin muli (2005) ::: Jun Jun, 26, is a newly-ordained deacon. By tradition, he may now be addressed as "Reverend," a title that sounds better with his full name, Christoper Santos, Jr. But he prefers to be simply Junjun-ordinary, simple, cool. Junjun entered the seminary at age 12, but he nevertheless enjoyed his childhood and teens, managed to have a couple of girlfriends in secret, earned good grades, and taught himself to sing pop songs as well. He has never doubted his vocation, but often wonders if there are ways to live it "outside the box." Music is the language of his heart, the prayer of his soul. After ordination as a deacon, he is sent to his hometown to assist in the parish and gain pastoral experience as a way of preparing for his ordination to the priesthood. There he meets Fr. Salvador Bautista, 65, fluent in Latin and Italian, a product of the "old school." Ordained just as the reforms of the Second Vatican Council were launched, Fr. Doy had served in several parishes before being assigned to the rural Parish of Santiago Apostol the past five years. MAGING AKIN MULI accompanies Junjun on his journey to the priesthood. At Santiago Apostol, he encounters the complexities of life for his fellow pilgrims in the parish -a generous but demanding benefactor, a young lady in distress, a couple whose son is on death row. The lives of these people enrich his own, but also challenge his vocation to be good and holy, to belong to God. The film explores the tension between human freedom, what people decide to do with their lives, and divine wisdom, what God asks of each person.
975 ::: Einer spinnt immer (1971) ::: Master Baker Hugo Haase cannot believe that he is the lucky one who inherited a good fortune. Finally he has the possibility to escape from his little province town and his imperious wife to succeed to his estate in Vienna. But naive Hugo is lost in this big city and soon be taken in by a trickster. The attractive Clarissa invites Hugo to spend a day together in Venice, which leads to an unhappy awakening - Clarissa is vanished ...and the money too. The only solution to explain it to his wife is... the flight into a mental hospital!
976 ::: Orgy at the Villa (2009) ::: Centers around an ex Chicago crime boss languishing in a luxurious villa in the sun. He likes to organize poolside sex parties for his friends and associates with scorching hot girls who love a fat cock in their tight tanned asses and a dripping wet pink pussy in the mouth. The sort of girls you definitely want at your party. With the arrival of the guests to the villa the bikinis come off and the cocks come out and the fucking party begins. There's interracial, lesbian, squirting, anal and double penetration and the girls are slutty sexy and irresistible. Everything you need for a banging orgy. Sandy and friends Natali D'Angelo, Naomi and Simonne Style star in this scorching hot pool side sex party that only the rich and privileged could possibly afford. But someone has to pay the price.
977 ::: Shaadi Abhi Baaki Hai (2017) ::: Its a Big Fat Indian Wedding. US returned bride Jugnu finds out that her groom, her boyfriend Jaan is switched. Where is her Jaan? How can Jugnu be forced to marry her fathers business partners son? Who is Billa, making ransom calls? Jugnu desperately tries to save her boyfriend from death by arranging for ransom money. Jugnu goes on three different journeys, all controlled by fate.
978 ::: Biyaya ng Lupa (1959) ::: A young married couple, Maria and Jose (Rosa Rosal and Tony Santos) start life together creating a lanzones orchard in the countryside. They have four children - Miguel (Leroy Salvador), Arturo (Carlos Padilla Jr), Angelita (Marita Zobel), and Lito (Danilo Jurado). The eldest, Miguel, is a deaf-mute. Life is good to them and the children grow up and bring joy to the community. But trouble enters their lives when Jose makes an enemy of Bruno (Joseph de Cordova). Bruno, a widower, is much feared in the village, for it is rumored that he caused the death of his wife. And yet he wants to remarry and is courting Choleng (Mila Ocampo), Jose's niece. But Choleng avoids Bruno and one day, in trying to get away from him, she slips and falls off a cliff and dies. The village is outraged and Bruno hides in the mountains. There, he plots his revenge on the village, particularly on Jose's family.
979 ::: "Make or Break TV" (2008) ::: The TV business is a high stakes game of opportunity and chance. Getting a series on the air is a big deal. Keeping it there is another thing altogether. This is a close look at some of Hollywood's Brilliant short lived television series- Each featured show had an impact on the pop culture landscape. Stars were made, trends were started or broken, and networks reputations were put on the line. With an insider's take on the talent, wits, and timing that determine success or failure, MAKE OR BREAK TV is a humorous, insightful, fast-paced look at the process of television production. Each featured show had an impact on the pop culture landscape. Stars were made, trends were started or broken, and networks reputations were put on the line.
980 ::: "Rig 45" (2018) ::: One crew - one killer. Andrea (Catherine Walker), a damage regulator from Benthos Oil, is sent out to Rig 45 two days before Christmas to investigate a fatal accident. When starting to investigate, Andrea finds that the crew of the rig is unwilling to talk to her and she has a hard time finding out the truth. Just when the rig is hit by a hurricane and all forms of communication to the mainland is cut off, the crew realize that the accident is in fact a murder, and they now know that they are in real danger. With a murderer amongst them, questions are being asked - who is the killer?
981 ::: Almost a Turkish Soap Opera (2011) ::: Almost a Turkish Soap Opera is a story about Adel, a young Turkish man whose family has lived an impoverished life while his grand uncle controls the inheritance money which was stolen from his father as a child. He travels to the USA, works illegally, and is deported back to Istanbul. Unable to return to the USA, he flies to Canada where he marries his Grand Uncle's spoiled obnoxious granddaughter in exchange for his status. He falls in love with his English teacher and everything spirals downward from there. How did his life turn into a Turkish soap opera?
982 ::: Women of Vision: Histories in Feminist Film & Video (1998) ::: Alexandra Juhasz asked twenty-one women to tell their stories-women whose names make up a who's who (and who will be) of independent and experimental film and video. What emerged in the resulting conversations is a compelling (and previously underdocumented) history of feminism and feminist film and video, from its origins in the fifties and sixties to its apex in the seventies, to today. Categories: History Women of Vision highlights 18 women and covers a period of time from the 50's to the 90's. The women chosen were selected because they represent the real diversity within both feminism and independent film and video. They range in age from 65 to 25. They are black, white, Puerto Rican, Yugoslavian, Asian American, biracial. They are straight, gay and bisexual. What they share is a need to express their own interpretations of what American culture is and could be and a belief that this work is made particularly powerful through the media. Pearl Bowser, Margaret Caples, Michelle Citron, Megan Cunningham, Cheryl Dunye, Vanalyne Green, Barbara Hammer, Kate Horsfield, Carol Leigh, Susan Mogul, Juanita Mohammed, Frances Negrón-Muntaner, Eve Oishi, Constance Penley, Wendy Quinn, Julia Reichert, Carolee Schneemann, Valerie Soe, Victoria Vesna, Yvonne Welbon.
983 ::: A Woman's World (2017) ::: We venture into six different women's journeys of life and family. They share their joys and concerns. After many years of putting her career first, Heater strives for a family. She goes through numerous relationships, her self-esteem drives her to take an alternative route. Heather decides a man will not be the determining factor. Coupled with aging in the workplace. Troy and Anthony, a couple from England living in America share their work relationship turning into romance. After becoming husband and wife, they decide to add a child into their lives where romance is put aside for the business of having a baby. Family values are changed Linda when a mothers hope for a grandchild is derailed after she discovers her daughter's sexual choice. Roxanna, a woman in her own rights shares her feeling in a same-sex relationship and finding the love of her life to them considering a family. No family planning could ever prepare Natalie to be told her child has a disability and the love she will endure. Death is always painful, but nothing is so harsh after carrying your hope for six months. Gina shares her experience of being a mother for thirty-two minutes. We see these women world change as they're blessed to get the families they wish for. Six different women's journeys of life and family. Their joys and concerns. Heater strives for a family. Numerous relationships, her self-esteem drives her to take an alternative route. Heather decides a man will not be the determining factor. Coupled with aging in the workplace. Troy and Anthony, a couple from England living in America. Becoming husband and wife, they decide to add a child into the equation, romance is put aside for the business of having a baby. Linda's values are changed when hope for a grandchild is derailed. She discovers her daughter's sexual choice. Roxanna, a woman in her own rights shares her feeling in a same-sex relationship and finding the love of her life, she considers a family. No family planning could ever prepare Natalie to be told her child has a disability. Death is always painful, but nothing is so harsh after carrying your hope for six months. Gina shares her experience.
984 ::: Die Frucht deines Leibes (1997) ::: To evade the incomprehensible world of adults seven-year-old Natascha creates her own world, influenced by her impressions of sexuality and religion. It is a world of mainly catholic imaginations and symbols - a world between frightening bogey men and flying Christ children.
985 ::: Reins of Hope Movie (2016) ::: "Reins of Hope" is a film that was written and produced to inspire and give hope to audiences, as it portrays many different characters who are experiencing adversities while struggling with their faith. Also, the film will show the determination and perseverance of the characters in overcoming any obstacle by believing all things are possible. This film is special as it will have beautiful horses and a very talented cast and crew, as well as a talented visionary director.
986 ::: Lyubovta na semkarya (1941) ::: The town's peanut vendor and a young girl stroll out on the island, declaring their love to each other. However, the strict father is opposed to his daughter marrying a man who has not served in the army. The young man joins the army, and displays courage. He returns with the medals and the father of the girl finally gives his blessing to the two lovers. In the course of time, many children are born to the couple. The final caption reads: "Great Bulgaria needs soldiers".
987 ::: Satyavadi Raja Harishchandra (1917) ::: The homage to the upright King Harishchandra who almost sacrifices his kingdom for his love of truth, opens with a tableau showing the king, his wife Taramati and his young son, to whom he is teaching archery. They go on a hunt and the King blunders into an area controlled by the sage Vishwamitra and his disciple Nakshatra. To atone for his mistake, the king is banished. Three furies appear caught in flames whom Harishchandra tries to rescue. They seduce him into renouncing his kingdom. The king endures much hardship before a god appears at the horizon to reassure everyone that it was just a test of the king's integrity.
988 ::: The American Werewolf Project (2014) ::: I n the 1980s and early 1990s, various witnesses near Elkhorn, Wisconsin, reported seeing a large, hairy creature walking upright. The creature was dubbed the "Beast of Bray Road" after the country road where it was spotted. Several witnesses later took polygraph tests that indicated it was unlikely their stories had been made up. To date, sightings continue of a mysterious creature across parts of Wisconsin. A group of young scientists entered the Wisconsin woods in 2011 to track down this legend. Armed with state of the art equipment these crypto-zoologist were trying to prove once and for all that The American Werewolf is just a legend. Some Legends are better left alone, after 3 days in the woods no one has heard or seen these six scientists again. Footage has been recovered and released to us so we could make this film using a mix of actual footage and actors. What you will see will shock and terrify you. The facts are real and the evidence is undeniable, however in the end the decision to believe is yours
989 ::: Drak sa vracia (1968) ::: This is a ballad about love, hate, and a search for a way out of loneliness. It is a dramatic story about the strange potter, Martin Leaps, nicknamed Dragon, who is suspected by the villagers as the cause of natural disasters. He lost his wife, his home, and his freedom due to false accusations. After years he returns to his native village. Putting his own life to risk, he saves a herd of sheep from a forest fire in the hills. But not even this heroic deed helps him to win back the friendship of the locals.
990 ::: "Singer-Songwriters at the BBC" (2010) ::: The celebration of the singing songwriting troubadours of the 1960s and 70s continues with a further trawl through the BBC archives for timeless and classic performances. Don McLean performs his huge hit American Pie from 1972 and Tim Buckley provides some sublime sounds with a rendition of his song Happy Time. Also making an appearance is the long-lamented John Martyn, folk queen Sandy Denny and, in a duet with Joe Egan as Stealers Wheel, the late Gerry Rafferty. Stealers Wheel chum and one-time collaborator Rab Noakes also makes a contribution to this compilation. Leonard Cohen and Julie Felix present a unique collaboration and performance of Hey, That's No Way to Say Goodbye, and there's an unforgettable performance of Case of You by Joni Mitchell. No celebration of this genre would be complete without contributions from songwriting heavyweights such as Elton John, Paul Simon, Loudon Wainwright III and Yusuf Islam aka Cat Stevens.
991 ::: Winterland (2009) ::: A true story that never happened. According to the press release, Winterland is a film. But in reality, it is a (egomaniac?) portrait of it's creator, Dick Tuinder, who stands to loose control over his project. When his actors mysteriously disappear from the set, he has to tap into all his resources to conjure everything back: walking trees, talking stones, flying eyes, a wall that seperates the real from the virtual world, just to mention a few ingredients of the magic potion. And Sally Dewinter. An eleven year old animated figure who has become lost in 3-D. Her only travel companion is a suitcase. Whatever is in the suitcase is a secret. Such a big secret, that even the girl doesn't know. Sally: "It's the best kept secret in the world." In the end, all will end well. How the plot unravels is not important. For according to the press release, Winterland is a film in which everything what you have seen is really true, but never happened.
992 ::: Cromwell's Head (2017) ::: The story of Oliver Cromwell's head is perhaps the most bizarre, yet least well known, of all tales from English history. From regal burial, to exhumation and decapitation, this relic of our only non-royal ruler has traveled a most peculiar path. It has been a gruesome warning to traitors, a secret prize for a soldier, an attraction at an 18th century peep show, and an object of veneration and derision, until it was finally laid to rest in a secret ceremony. CROMWELL'S HEAD, is a one-hour documentary, telling the full story of this extraordinary artifact. CROMWELL'S HEAD unravels a mystery, and brings to light a variety of strange tales. By looking at the passions, public and private, aroused by Cromwell and his head, it illuminates how British attitudes to monarchy, democracy and radicalism were formed - and how they have changed, since our civil war over 350 years ago. Among the politicians and academics throwing light on Cromwell's legacy and historical impact are The Right Hon. Frank Dobson, Douglas Carswell MP, Dr. Patrick Little of the The History of Parliament Trust, Prof. Blair Worden, Dr. Micheál Ó Siochrú of Trinity College Dublin, and Dr. Frances Larson author of "Severed".
993 ::: "Broken Arrow" (1956) ::: Jeffords and Cochise try to warn the colonel at Fort Grant that Geronimo plans an attack on the fort. But, encouraged by his wife, the colonel decides to go after Geronimo himself, despite Cochise's warning that this is probably just what the renegade is hoping for, as it will leave the fort vulnerable to attack.
994 ::: Godspeed Taiwan (2013) ::: Godspeed Taiwan is an experimental mid-length documentary that explores the history of Taiwan through an outsider, 21st political lens. Taiwan is the the only modern democracy not recognized by the United Nations, and remains divided between those who want to establish closer ties to China, and those who strive for true independence and autonomy.
995 ::: Sola Shukrabaar (1999) ::: Devi Maa Santoshi, the daughter of Bhagwan Shri Ganesh and Devi Maa Riddhi and Siddhi, confers her blessings on a couple only and after they undergo the rituals and prayers associated with appeasing Her for a period of 16 consecutive Fridays. It is during this period that the couple also undergo many trials and tribulations and may not survive to attain the desired blessings.
996 ::: Nevesta k zulíbání (1981) ::: Thirty-three-year-old architect Kveta ('Dana Syslová' (qv)) is an independent and energetic woman. She lives with her father ('Jirí Pleskot' (qv)), who reminds her in vain that she ought to get married. Despite her outward reserve, Kveta is a highly sensitive woman and she carefully registers the marital failures of the people around her. This is why in her private life she chooses a casual relationship with an senior lecturer and is so committed to her career.
997 ::: Lápis de cor (2011) ::: Cláudio is a poor boy who loves to draw. His father left some years ago and Cláudio thinks that drawing a colored portrait of his father will make him come home. But Cláudio doesn't have colored pencils. When he finally obtains 3 colored pencils, his mother allows him to use only one color per day.
998 ::: Franco Cristaldi e il suo cinema Paradiso (2009) ::: Starting in the 50s, miles and miles of film reels testify to Franco Cristaldi's passion and commitment to producing the best Italian and European cinema over the course of his career. Repeatedly honored with the most prestigious international awards at Cannes, Venice, and Hollywood, Cristaldi had a saying: "Every film must be a prototype."
999 ::: It Came from Detroit (2009) ::: It Came From Detroit is the ultimate fan's look at the city's internationally renowned "garage rock" scene. Produced over five years, the documentary chronicles the scene before and after the spotlight that came to town as the White Stripes rose to fame. Starting with the hugely influential band The Gories in the 1980s, the bands of the garage scene are known for two things: an impeccable knowledge of the history of rock and roll and a raucous live show. It Came From Detroit documents the evolution of the scene from underground obscurity to an international trend. As bands such as the White Stripes, The Von Bondies, and the Electric Six started to develop a following overseas, journalists around the world started to hype Detroit as "The Next Seattle". We discover how unexpected popularity impacts the musician's lives as more and more bands sign to major labels and tour the world and find out what happens to the small group of friends when not everyone has the same opportunities. Underneath the crumbling shell of Detroit there is a pulse, and a community of passionate musicians that dug back into the roots of rock and roll and made it relevant again.
1000 ::: Adem ile Havva (1986) ::: Munir goes on a vacation in a holiday resort with his two bodyguards. Munis is famous for his affairs with women. There he meets Can, a very emancipated young girl. They fall in love but they are from very different cultures. While Munir is a very traditional man, Can is very modern with European values. Can's family don't like Munir much. Moreover, Munir's ex-girlfriend also turns up. Munir's macho behavior eventually bothers Can and they separate. But Munir is already after a new catch..
1001 ::: War of the Dead (2006) ::: Unusual attacks are occurring all over the united states-old WWII veterans are being hunted down ruthlessly. When it is discovered that an undead trio of Nazi zombies are behind the attacks, it's up to special agent Conda, a member of the mysterious vanguards, to save the last remaining veteran from certain doom.
1002 ::: My vernyomsya... (1996) ::: In late autumn 1941, German troops were close to Moscow. On November 7 that same year, the parade of special soviet units was staged on the Red Square: the traditional parade boosted the population's morale and played a major role in reversing the course of the war. A ballad about the people who unconsciously became the heroes and victims of history.
1003 ::: South West Pacific (1943) ::: The film is made up of a series of different people talking about how they have contributed to the war efforts. These include a motor mechanic who is now makes aircraft and is a member of the Volunteer Defence Force; an engineer from a cosmetic factory, who now manages a factory which contributes through taxes to the war effort; a farmer who see the importance of growing food for the war effort and the contribution of women are making as members of the land army; a former milkman who now builds roads and aerodromes and his daughter Gwennie who works in a munitions factory; Gwennie's boyfriend Bill who is serving in the merchant navy; a RAAF and a RAF pilots in New Guinea before their mission; a RAAF and RAF mechanics worry about the safety of the pilots; also talk to an American mechanic "Brooklyn" remembering the bombing of Darwin; an Australian and American soldiers are cut off in the steamy jungles of New Guinea - with the Australian remembering the tours of service in Tobruk, Crete, Greece and the Malayan campaigns; he praises his English, Indian and New Zealand allies; with the Australian talking about his brother who is a prisoner of war in Malaya, with the American's brother a prisoner of war in Bataan; and finally the narrator talking about Peter Lalor of the Eureka Rebellion and the pledge made at the Eureka Stockade.
1004 ::: The Film Art of John Whitney, Sr. (1975) ::: John Whitney, Sr. one of the early pioneers in films made by computer-driven cameras explains and demonstrates his work. Shot on location at Whitney's home in California, includes excerpts from his films "Matrix 3", "Catalog", "Permutations" and "Lapis." 1975. Making abstract motion in time, and impinging directly on the viewer's emotions as music does -- these were among Whitney's early goals. "Music organizes time in a special way, creates tension in us, then satisfies, gratifies. We can do the same for patterns-- something is going to happen, make it happen in a way you don't expect. Film permutations can be parallel to tones in harmonic sequence; dominant chord resolves into tonic chord." To do this, says Whitney, "we need new tools, and to learn how to control them. They're unlike musical instruments which we have been practicing on for 300 years. We have to start from scratch. "
1005 ::: Pepi, Luci, Bom y otras chicas del montón (1980) ::: Almodovar's first film of life in Madrid during the punk era and not one for the squeamish. He covers everything from drugs and sexual violence, to female masochism. While playing with her Superman card in her apartment, Pepi is visited by her neighbor and dirty policeman, who saw her vases with a plantation of marijuana on the window, rapes her and she is not arrested. Pepi plots revenge and calls her punk friends, and they mistakenly beat the policeman's twin brother up along the night on the sidewalk of a street. Pepi introduces her punk singer friend Bom to the policeman's masochistic wife Lucinda (Luciana), and when Bom urinates on her face, she falls in love for Bom and leaves her husband. Pepi, Luci and Bom go to underground concerts, bars and parties, but when the policeman meets Luci alone, he beats her up and she returns to him, while Pepi and Bom stay together.
1006 ::: Guti & the Theater of Dreams (2016) ::: Guti & the Theater of Dreams is one of the five film feature documentary series by the acclaimed Brazilian filmmaker Kátia Lund, films that Reimagine Rio. Co-directed by Lund and first time film-maker Lili Fialho, Guti & the Theater of Dreams showcases the thirty-year labors of love of Guti Fraga who uses reinvention artistic methodology with generations of artists in the favela of Vidigal to transform individuals, a community, and the entire entertainment scene in Brazil. A magical journey through the eyes of one of the world's great characters.
1007 ::: Zola Jumped In (2014) ::: After her little brother is killed, a 15-year-old deaf girl turns to a gang, a neighborhood church, and pregnancy for a sense of belonging and purpose. Ultimately, she is challenged instead to discover strength and hope within herself. Although Zola cannot actually speak, she narrates the otherwise silent film.
1008 ::: "I Heart Betty La Fea" (2008) ::: Beatriz Pengson, or simply Betty is an aesthetically-challenged career-oriented girl who happens to work in a posh advertising agency known as Eco Moda Manila. In an industry where everyone thrives on beauty and perfection, her lack of good looks and outdated sense of fashion make her an instant outcast amongst her superficial colleagues. Despite her shortcomings, Betty's capabilities and innate kindheartedness have gained her a set of loyal friends. Betty's lackluster life, however, heads a turn for the better (or is it for worse?) when she meets the man of her dreams Armando, the President of Eco Moda Manila. How will Betty catch the elusive heart of someone who's way out of her league? Is it possible that a good-looking guy like Armando will eventually fall in love with a certified ugly duckling?
1009 ::: Maudite Poutine (2016) ::: Caught stealing drugs, 27-year-old Vincent is in trouble and on the run from the local mob. Fleeing to the backwoods, Vincent unexpectedly reconnects with his brother Michel with whom he had cut ties many years ago. As he tries to maintain the semblance of a normal life, he witnesses Michel's own turbulent downward spiral.
1010 ::: Gateless (2017) ::: At a Buddhist temple in rural Cambodia, a man who resided there for over a decade is arrested for sexually abusing at least 19 boys. Investigators track down victims Se Bros, a high schooler who was first to report the abuse, and Monk Ry, who lived together with the abuser at the temple. As Bros and Ry contemplate on whether to testify in court, the chief monk reveals that the monks knew about the abuse all along. Gateless explores how Buddhist temples intended for the pursuit of peace and tolerance can become a place where children are violated.
1011 ::: Jwah Da Vee (2008) ::: A man and his wife travel to a remote cabin for a landmark family reunion only to dredge up too much past amidst all the hoarding. When his former best friend comes around despite warnings, things start to feel a little too close for the closed off curmudgeon.
1012 ::: Legends of the Mid-South Wrestling (2013) ::: Mid-South was one of the hottest wrestling promotions of the 1980s where future stars such as Shawn Michaels, Jake Roberts, Ted DiBiase, Junkyard Dog and Hacksaw Duggan began their careers. Consider some of the best talent with personas that blurred the lines between good and evil. This 3-disc compilation features the biggest matches and biggest stories of the Mid-South promotion and provides a look into early the careers of some of wrestling's greatest legends.
1013 ::: DanceCrazy Presents: Learn to Dance Rumba Volume 1 - A Beginners Rumba Dancing Guide (2007) ::: DanceCrazy.com presents the first of our two beginning DVDs in your complete step by step guide to dancing the beautiful Rumba! This DVD walks you through an amazingly fun array of beginner Rumba dance steps that are sure to light a fire on the dance floor. From the very basics, our professional Rumba dance instructors guide you through every step of the way. Learning the Rumba has never been as easy and exciting. This spicy and sensual dance combines luscious rhythms, memorable melodies, and gorgeous patterns to create the ultimate, intimate expression of Latin romance. With the resurgence of Latin music and dancing, the Rumba is hot again. Once you learn the simple steps of the Rumba, the music does the rest! Rumba Volume 1 provides you with easy to follow instruction with multi-angled presentation, helpful tips, practice to the music, and important advice for sustained success on the dance floor.
1014 ::: David's Mother (1994) ::: Sally Goodson has been raising her autistic son David alone since her husband left many years ago. Now a social worker discovers that Sally has been dodging 'The System' to keep her son with her, instead of putting him in an institution. Each feels they know what's best for David. But their opinions are not the same. Sally's developing relationship with John Nils is caught in the middle.
1015 ::: Royal Rumble (1989) ::: 30 men. One ring. Two start, and a new one is introduced every 2 minutes. Only way out: over the top rope. The second annual Royal Rumble features 30 top WWF stars. Also: WWF Women's Title: Rockin' Robin vs. Judy Martin, 2 out of 3 Falls: The Hart Foundation & Jim Duggan vs. The Rougeau Brothers & Dino Bravo
1016 ::: Les 7 derniers outrages (1986) ::: A new bride (Régine Bourgeois) is ignored by her husband on their wedding night, but then initiated into all kinds of debauchery with the help of other men and two other women, Christine Leval and Valérie Seller. This begins with the bride, in black stockings and black veil lying in a hammock while one of seven candles is lit and another girl has sex on the floor. One candle is lit and one 'outrage' per day is committed until all seven candles are lit, the new bride gradually joining in.
1017 ::: The Camel Rider (????) ::: When newly orphaned Aboriginal boy, AKAMA, is transported to a tiny outback Australian town to live with his elderly Aunty, it seems he's destined to continue his lonely existence, 3000 kilometers from the world he knows. Highly determined for a 13-year-old, Akama tries in vain to get back to the city, eventually running away on foot. But, underestimating the famous harsh elements of his native land, he's saved from death only by the shade of a cantankerous and curious old camel. Recovering from his frightening experience and trying to find a purpose in this new world, he stumbles across an advertisement for the famous Moolangil Camel Race, boasting 20 grand prize money! Akama instantly has one dream only: to win the race and pocket the cash. But when riding his new friend proves near impossible, Aunty approaches old Bill - a cranky ex-racehorse trainer hiding from the world in a rundown shed and drinking himself to death - to help the boy along. Despite his initial rejection, Old Bill accidently stumbles across one of the boy's strenuous training sessions, and the unlikely threesome click. They're soon overcoming incredible odds to not only win the race and the cash, but each other's hearts in the process.
1018 ::: The Memestar Chronicles Big Screen Film (2016) ::: After Keemstar was finally IP blocked from Blog TV, the infamous Daniel Keem, the ex-halo 3 MLG player, now makes his way on to YouTube. Along the way he will make many friends, and even more enemies. Follow Keemstar as he creates his new channel, Drama Alert, and goes up against foes such as John Scarce, Pyrocynical, NFKRZ, LeafyIsHere, and many, many more.
1019 ::: Bhet (2002) ::: Sudha is happy with Satish her second husband and she has young daughter, Manu from this marriage. Sudha's son from the first marriage, 'Ananda' is staying with his now newlywed father in Nagpur. He is 12 years old and lives with his grandmother, elder uncle and aunt. He has a blurred memory of his real mother while Sudha also shares same sorrow as she had to stay away from her own son for eight years. 'Ananda' wants to meet his mother, and he skilfully manages to get his mother's address from his favorite Pama aunt. He sends a very emotional letter to his mother who after reading it, now desperately wants to meet her own son who's missing her. But society is not going to look at this meeting as an easy and straight task. The two have to tackle their emotional dilemmas, family crisis and obstacles, to accomplish their only wish of seeing each other.
1020 ::: Baltimore Ravens: Road to XLVII (2013) ::: The 2012 Baltimore Ravens surge from wild-card team to Super Bowl XLVII champions are documented in this four DVD set. These aren't just the highlights - ever play from each playoff games - against the Indianapolis Colts, the Denver Broncos, the New England Patriots and the San Francisco 49ers - are included, though commercials, halftime festivities and some insignificant between-plays airtime have been cut so each game could fit on a single DVD.
1021 ::: Looking for Ms. Locklear (2008) ::: Using only word of mouth, two lifelong best friends and Internet comedians, Rhett & Link, embark on a search for the long-lost teacher of the first grade class where they met. Their journey leads them deep into the heart of an obscure tribe of Native Americans, the Lumbee of North Carolina. Serendipitously, Rhett & Link arrive on the scene at the very climax of the tribe's century-long political struggle for identity. In a day of mobile devices that allow for a multitude of superficial connections with other 'users,' the unforgettable characters in Looking for Ms. Locklear serve as a reminder that people have more to say than an email or text message can communicate.
1022 ::: What Is Gothic? (2009) ::: What is gothic? 8 years ago a strange hermit arrived at Michael Mosca's ranch to live in solitude inside an abandoned mine. Some time later, Mosca, his daughter and the visitor disappeared and were never seen again. Now, the ranch hands who have taken over Mosca's ranch are afraid to leave the plantation, fearing the existence of a fantastic cult spread around the surrounding remote region.
1023 ::: A Line in the Sand (2008) ::: A human story unfolds when detectives aggravated by a major bust gone wrong are forced to deal with a tormented man thrown into the cage after urinating on the Mayor's limo. The explosive combination of character and situation balances intense drama with laugh out loud comedy.
1024 ::: Da sha si fang (1980) ::: Three refugees become sworn brothers during a war. One (Kuo Chui/Philip Kwok) works in a whore house, one (Chiang Sheng) in a gambling house, and the other (Lo Mang) in a martial arts school. They become embroiled in the war and are betrayed by one's mentor.
1025 ::: Audrey & Dre (2011) ::: Dr. Carol, host of the Dr. Carol show, captures the tumultuous journey of Audrey & Dre. With their careers on the rise, their marriage on the rocks and divorce around the corner, Audrey & Dre are still determined to make it work. Dr. Carol is joined by a dozen of her favorite Video Vloggers who chime in on their view of this story.
1026 ::: Hollywood Dog (1990) ::: In a low rent Los Angeles tenant building /nightclub, a cartoon dog named Hollywood Dog is in a jam when an entertainer he is fronting as manager cancels his act. To save himself from being evicted, Hollywood Dog finds a newcomer musician to the city and decides to substitute him as his act under his previous client's name without his knowledge. However, things don't go according to plan until the two finally come clean and reach an understanding. However, Hollywood Dog is still not out of the woods considering his new friend sings like a seal.
1027 ::: A Darker Reality (2008) ::: A group of women wake up in a cold cement basement. Cold and terrified they find themselves captive to a depraved psychopath whose blood-lust and insanity knows no bounds. Police Detective Balasco and psychiatrist Dr. Metcalfe team up in a desperate attempt to locate the girls and their soon to be murderer - a serial killer known as Ghost. But time is running out as Ghost's sick experiments begin to leave the girls tortured beyond recognition. To survive, the girls must band together in a last attempt to save themselves from a fate far worse than death.
1028 ::: Devil's Hollow (????) ::: Ex-con Bobby Hawkins has a chance to start life anew in the lush, dark hills of his Kentucky homeland. But no one can escape his secrets forever, and now enemies from Bobby's past have become threats in the present. Will Bobby's sins be visited upon his child? Or can he break the cycle of violence he helped create and give her a future with hope-even if it costs him everything?
1029 ::: Justiz (1993) ::: Senator Isaak Kohler shoots and kills Professor Winter in a crowded restaurant, while Winter is dining with the struggling idealistic young lawyer, Felix Spat. Kohler puts up no defense and is sentenced to twenty years. Kohler then gets his daughter Helene to pay the reluctant Spat to reinvestigate the case, on the assumption that Kohler is innocent. The newspapers pick up on this and begin to question whether Kohler was wrongly convicted.
1030 ::: The Asylum (2010) ::: Esperance is trying to leave Rwanda with her 6 year old daughter wanting to live a wholesome life in North America, Arlene has made it passed the border...alone years go by and suddenly she is receiving phones from a woman saying she's her mother but is it? Arlene has grown curious and is willing to go back in her past to get some answer. Her over protective best friend Diane doesn't like the sound of any of it knowing the nightmare she went threw to get over it, but is by her side to make sure things go smoothly.
1031 ::: Pevnost (1994) ::: The story takes place in the second half of the eighties. The regime of power is tired, but any changes are out of sight. Some people are trying to find their asylum in their privacy, some defect. Who is not willing to get adapted, lives at the outskirts of the society. So, for example, the forty-year old intellectual Ewald ('György Cserhalmi' (qv))can not perform his profession, as he could not comply with requirements of the political regime. He earns his living just to sustain, and at the moment he is assigned to measure the capacity of water bore in the vicinity of the fortress. He lives in a caravan-trailer, measures the yield of the water source, and makes friends with the head officer of the fortress ('Miroslav Donutil' (qv)). Their friendship is a strange, unusual relation of two men of different characters, linked by a feeling of loneliness, need of sincerity and even a mutual respect, which stems from understanding each other.
1032 ::: The Hanged Man (2007) ::: The Hanged Man is the tale of six social misfits who meet on-line, and in a desperate attempt to escape their troubled pasts agree to gather in an abandoned barn to commit group suicide. But when the plan goes awry, the group discovers there just may be something to live for.
1033 ::: Victory (2007) ::: A Palestinian youth basketball team playing in a tournament is taunted by another team who makes fun of Palestine. Each of the Palestinian players reflects on an incident in his or her life that makes them want to struggle for victory for Palestine. The youth remember experiences with checkpoints, military incursions, and the separation wall, but resolve to work together to win the game for Palestine.
1034 ::: The Perfect Stranger (2005) ::: 'THE PERFECT STRANGER' tells the story of Nikki, a troubled attorney who one day receives a mysterious dinner invitation from a man claiming to be Jesus of Nazareth. Throughout their evening of conversation, arguments and spirited debate, Nikki learns things she never knew about life, the universe, and most importantly, herself.
1035 ::: Biophage (2010) ::: Through the tattered remains of a post-apocalyptic civilization, Sgt. Cain and Dr. Bell make their way back from the Center for Disease Control. Their mission to find signs of human life a failure, they are returning to Mt. Bethel; the military research hospital from which they were sent. On their way back, Sgt. Cain and Dr. Bell encounter the remnants of humanity which, through an accidental release of a bio-chemical agent, have transformed into the undead-like "BIOPHAGES". However, they soon find that their biggest problem isn't the 'phages, but surviving together. Encounters with the occasional survivor, some friendly, some with ulterior motives, mark their journey while back at Mt. Bethel, Dr. Miller races to develop a cure. At the will of Dr. Miller, treachery and betrayal loom on the horizon as the two try to reach Mt. Bethel, and the final destiny of humanity.
1036 ::: The Bunk Witch Project (2000) ::: Tracy Donner, Jack Earwell, Matt Anderson, and Eric Duboix disappeared in the woods while documenting The Bunk Witch of Gnaw Bone. A year later, their footage is found by a group of rednecks. After trying to eat it, and deciding it wasn't edible, the rednecks turned it over to the police how threw it in a corner where it rested for a few months. Then an amateur filmmaker put together their footage to find out what really happened to them... and maybe even make a quick buck on the side. This film is a chronicle of their last days, as they have to put up with hunger, fear, fatigue... and each other.
1037 ::: One Day from a Hangman's Life (2005) ::: One Day from a Hangman's Life, a feature length documentary directed by Joshy Joseph, once again brings to life the hype surrounding the execution. Shot entirely on June 24, 2004, the day the President of India stalled the execution temporarily, the film revolves around a day in the life of the hangman, Nata Mullick.
1038 ::: I Love a Mystery (1945) ::: Opening with a car crash and a decapitation, the story is told in flashback as Jack and Doc become involved with a man who tells them that he will die in just such a manner in three days' time. Of course there is a large amount of money involved, and also an Oriental cult, mysterious women, a peg-legged man, and many deaths. In San Francisco, a decapitated dead body is brought to the morgue, the victim who died in a car accident. The victim is purported to be socialite Jefferson Monk. The story several days earlier. Monk, by chance, meets renowned detective partners Jack Packard and Doc Long at a Russian dance/dinner club. Monk, who is accompanied at the club by a woman only identifying herself as Miss Jean, a woman Monk purportedly does not know and just inserted herself into his evening without invitation, informs the detective pair that someone is trying to kill him, he believing it the unknown man with a peg leg and carrying a small black bag who has been following him. One year ago, Monk was contacted by a mystic named Mr. G, a philosopher with a sacred order, who seemed to be peripherally related to a trip to the Far East that Monk and his loving wife Ellen Monk made. G's primary purpose for contacting Monk was to make him an offer: to purchase his head for $10,000 after he dies due to his resemblance to the order's founder, a man who died one thousand years ago but whose dead body, which Monk saw and does admit looks like him, has been kept eternally young. G believes that Monk may be the reincarnation of the founder. G prophesied that unless Monk accepted the offer, he and Ellen would not survive the night. Further prophesies by G were that Ellen would become an invalid - which has come true, Ellen now confined to a wheelchair - and that Monk would die exactly one year to the date of their meeting, that date approaching within days. Monk believes the peg leg's bag is ultimately for his head. Since that meeting with G, Monk has slowly descended into a near state of madness due to the anxiety. Packard and Long take the case, agreeing to protect Monk and find out who is trying to kill him. With a couple of mysterious deaths associated with the case in the intervening time and with Packard and Long able to discover the truth behind some of the evidence Monk provides to them, is the dead man in the morgue truly Monk, or is there something bigger at play?
1039 ::: Everest Rocks (2008) ::: The Love Hope Strength Foundation presents Everest Rocks cancer survivors, James Chippendale and Mike Peters, of the Welsh Rock Band the Alarm. They lead legendary rockers from: the Fixx, the Alarm, Stray Cats, Squeze, Nick Harper and other musicians, mountaineers, cancer survivors and friends on adventure of a lifetime.  This journey involves a 14 day trek to 19,000 feet in the shadow of Mount Everest performing concerts all along the way. With an amazing closing concert in Durbar sq Kathmandu, where the guys are the first ever western rock artist to play the 1000 year old world heritage site in front of a crowd of over 14,000 (and a live TV audience of over 4 million). Along the way they raise money for the Nepal cancer center.
1040 ::: In Concert (2003) ::: This fantastic 10-song performance was recorded live at the Church Street Station in Kissimmee, Florida. T.G. Sheppard has always had an unstoppable passion for music. That passion, combined with a steadfast dedication to entertainment, has made him one of the most popular live performers in country music today. With a show chock full of chart-topping hits like "Last Cheater's Waltz
1041 ::: Best of Severe Offroad (2013) ::: Severe Racing Films offers up the best sequences from their collection of past off-road films. The new film is an intense thrill ride into the sport of off-road racing, filmed at spectacular races all over the western U.S. and Mexico. This film features insane action from trucks, bikes, buggies, ATVs, UTVs and more. Severe Racing has previously released 4 off-road movies and this is the best from Scott A. Tugel, the producer, director and cinematographer. Scott has captured this sport beautifully, putting himself near the path of these powerful machines as they come tearing past. Severe Racing takes you through every turn and every jump. With this kind of action, viewers really get the feel of what it is like to be riding and racing with some of the hottest racers in off-road racing today.
1042 ::: Garshom (1999) ::: Garshome is a melodrama which deals with the effects of economic migration on individuals and their families. Intellectual Nazrudden spends several years in the oil-rich Arabian Gulf to support his family, who are left behind in India. An idealist to the core, he is not involved in get-rich-quick schemes. As he returns poorer than when he left, discontent begins to brew in his family. But he is determined never to go back. He pawns his wife's jewelry and borrows money from loan sharks to start a hardware shop, which is confiscated by Sales Tax authorities whom he refuses to bribe. Nazrudeen has no choice but to return to his solitary existence in the Gulf.
1043 ::: Elefante blanco (2012) ::: The "Villa Virgin", a shantytown in the slums of Buenos Aires. Julian and Nicolas, two priests and long-standing friends, work tirelessly to help the local people. Julian uses his political connections to oversee the construction of a hospital. Nicolas joins him following the failure of a project he was leading in the jungle, after paramilitary forces assassinated members of the community. Deeply troubled, he finds a little comfort in Luciana, a young, attractive, atheist social worker. As Nicolas' faith weakens, tension and violence between the slum drug dealing cartels grow. And when work on the hospital is halted by ministerial decree, the fuse is lit...
1044 ::: The Lost Ones (2016/I) ::: "The Lost Ones" is a quirky and unsentimental, yet heartfelt tale about the importance of achieving self-discovery. It tells the story of an eccentric and mysterious man living in a park. One late night he meets Helle, a woman who lives a lonely and stagnant life and has done a random stupid action in a desperate attempt to start over. As a stranger can, he brings everything she has repressed up to the surface and pushes her ahead in life, with renewed courage.
1045 ::: Any Way You Want Me (2007) ::: It's Savanna "Any Way You Want Her!" Three different characters -- The Very Desperate Housewife, The Superstar Stripper, and the Executive Vice-President -- and twenty-one steamy scenes including three anal scenes, a cream pie, and no condoms come together to make one of the hottest Savanna DVDs ever!
1046 ::: Bad Man from Red Butte (1940) ::: Buck arrives in the town where his outlaw twin brother Gil Brady is also located. Benson is after the Todhunter ranch and he has his henchman kill Todhunter. Then he claims Buck is actually Brady and he is the murderer. Buck is saved from the lynch mob by his friend Spud and must now find a way to prove Benson guilty. The sixth and last of the Universal series (produced and distributed by Universal Pictures years before the existence of MCA/Universal, which some film-history revisionist thinks was the distributor in 1940) with the trio of Johnny Mack Brown, Fuzzy Knight and Bob Baker. Prior to this series of six films, Bob Baker had starred in 12 Universal westerns (from December of 1937 to February of 1939) before being cast in a secondary role in this series. He was dropped from the studio contract list, after this film, and his next appearance in a Universal film came in Abbott and Costello's 1942 "Ride 'Em Cowboy" as a day-player as the bus driver while Ella Fitzgerald sings "A Tisket, A Tasket", making him one of the classic Hollywood "chicken today-feathers tomorrow" cases. Brown and Knight would be paired together for 15 more together at Universal, and then in an additional seven, joined by Tex Ritter, before Brown left Universal in 1943 for his long-lived series at Monogram. Universal remade this one as "Cheyenne Roundup" with Brown and Ritter. Plot has the town of Cripple Creek suffering under a lawless reign led by outlaw boss Hal Benson, renegade killer Gils Brady and a crooked justice of the peace, Hiram T. Cochran. The latter also holds a mortgage on the Bax-X ranch owned by Dan Toddhunter. Buck Halliday, lawyer Gabe Hornsby and Spuds Jenkins arrive in town, and everyone believes that Buck is Gils Hornsby until ex-school teacher Miss Woods, who knew them as young boys, tells Tibby Mason that they are twin brothers. Buck arranges a loan (making him the Loan Arranger) for old man Toddhunter to pay off his mortgage. Benson sends his henchmen to steal the money, and Buck finds Gils dying of a gunshot wound. Benson accuses Buck of murder, and the latter is nearly lynched by a mob led by Benson and Cochran. Gabe enters an election opposing Cochran and wins. He runs Cochran out of town while Buck takes care of Benson and his gang. Buck and Tibby become engaged.
1047 ::: Mytus jmenem zralok (2006) ::: Three friends meet off the South African coast to face the most dangerous shark - The Great White. Each of them has already met him, each differently. It's a usual meeting for diver Andre Hartman, perhaps nobody knows more about the great white than him. Marine biologist Ryan Johnson considers the secret of this shark a challenge and the youngest, Mark Jucker, still remembers hair curling moments when a great white shark attacked him while surfing. Thanks to Andre's experience, Ryan and Mark may reach the dreaded predator. Everybody agrees that the Great White will remain a major figure - a real master of the seas.
1048 ::: Cleveland. (????) ::: Young writer Ethan Less, while struggling to get over a broken heart, is suddenly faced with an empty bank account, a surprise visit from his estranged parents, and a realization of his addictive habits. Along with his group of friends, a true-to-­life grouping of characters including Owen, who is convinced moving to Cleveland is his only chance of relief from his self prescribed insanity, Nicole, who, having reached her late thirties, is panicked she is unlovable, and the two very different long-time couples, Jones & Erika and Scott & Thomas, Ethan wanders New York City discussing life, debating change, and theorizing the acceptance of the good and bad life has to offer.
1049 ::: Naked in America (2011) ::: Naked In America: The powerful real-life, compelling and controversial story documents the experiences of four average American couples as they shed their clothes and inhibition for a week at a luxury nudist resort. The catch? It's their first time at a nudist resort! By capturing the reactions of this diverse group to the taboo-defying environment, we investigate in depth the American attitudes towards the naked human form and to each other, as they must learn to confront and overcome their fears and anxiety. The unprecedented "tell it like it is" Documentary gives a new voice and spirit to the maligned nudist community.
1050 ::: "Parovozik Tishka" (2012) ::: Animated series about the life of the small trains, which, like little human children explore the world, fight their fears, believe in miracles, make friends and, of course, they dream that parents would return from work early. They live in a magical city Parovozovsk, whose inhabitants are locomotives and rail-cars.Animation heroes - Tishka and his friends - small locomotives Gosha, Sapsanchik, Elka, Swallow, Tsvetastik, Baton and others.
1051 ::: Jésus de Montréal (1989) ::: A group of actors putting on an interpretive Passion Play in Montreal begin to experience a meshing of their characters and their private lives as the production takes form against the growing opposition of the Catholic church.
1052 ::: Catimini (2012) ::: Catimini tells the stories of four girls, aged 6-18 years, living in the custody of the Department of Youth Protection. Their fates solitary meet at a reception honoring Bilodeau, a foster home where they stayed at different times. It will be for each other and the opportunity reunion they will not forget anytime soon.
1053 ::: Blasted (2017) ::: BLASTED is an online TV series focusing on the lives of a group of self-absorbed, complacent and nihilistic individuals, whose escape from the mundane is as repetitive as it is destructive. BLASTED aims to portray a generation void of purpose - crying out for attention and meaning, while being uncompromisingly selfish and completely unaware.
1054 ::: "Road to the NHL Outdoor Classics" (2016) ::: Go behind the scenes as the Detroit Red Wings and Toronto Maple Leafs lace 'em up for the NHL Centennial Classic, celebrating 100 years of the NHL. And get up close and personal as the Chicago Blackhawks and the St. Louis Blues get ready for the NHL Winter Classic on January 2. 2017.
1055 ::: Winds of Sand, Women of Rock (2009) ::: This may be the last journey of Domagali, Amina and Hanne and their Toubou women's caravan in the Sahara. Each fall, armed with daggers, they leave the men behind and cross the desert to sell dates in Agadez to bring back the means to survive in the village for another year. This economic responsibility gives them a special position in their society. Yet, the increasing market pressure endangers their 'business'. How will their social status change?
1056 ::: "The Journey Home" (1997) ::: Marcus Grodi, himself a convert and former pastor in the Presbyterian church, hosts this EWTN program where every week he brings on a guest for an in-depth one-on-one interview to hear their stories of conversion to the Catholic Faith. The guests come from various backgrounds: Christian and Non-Christian, fallen away Catholics who came back to the Faith, agnostics, atheists, and others. The discussion often centers on the reasons that made the guest abandon their former convictions or way of life and enter the Catholic Church. The show is live and features questions via phone calls and emails from viewers in the second half of the show. Every first Monday (in the first three seasons - every first Friday) is an Open-line version of the program often featuring a life-long catholic where Marcus and the guest dedicate the entire hour to answering questions from the viewers.
1057 ::: Man vs Car (????) ::: The Man Jayden King, once a rising star in the motor sport world, was a man with a girl, a man with a dream, a man with a life. Now, a man driven by revenge. An all out assault force of vengeance. Hunting down every rouge killer car that he can find. Searching for the one that took his girl. His Weapon Jaydens trusty 1979 XD Falcon ute, decked out to be a machine with one purpose... War. A large bullbar at the front allows him to get up and personal with his target. Mounted in the tray is a homemade harpoon gun that allows him to strike his enemy from afar. The Cars Machines fueled by animal instinct with only one thing that drives them... Death.
1058 ::: Surprise Me! (2017) ::: What if pain was merely a set up for the ultimate surprise party? Genie Burns, owner of Surprise Enterprise, masterminds off the wall surprise parties in nobody would-suspect-it locations. Here she takes crazy risks but in her love life, she plays it safe. Her partner Steven, who hilariously calls her out on every issue she owns, is gay which makes him safe. Danny, her friend from college would be perfect for her but she keeps him in the friend zone. Along comes Jeff, everything she avoids, but his charm and depth draw her in. Is he the right one because he challenges her fears, or the wrong one because he implodes them? And why, she asks, are cereal boxes summoning her in the night! Meanwhile, Surprise Enterprise is hired by an anonymous Hollywood producer to throw a surprise wedding for his intended bride. Genie must get the bride down the aisle without knowing she's the bride. Her plan is to have him pretend he's filming a movie with a wedding at the end, giving his girlfriend a role. But as Genie plans the wedding, everything seems to go wrong, and her own life begins to take turns. In the end, what's real in life screams.... Surprise!
1059 ::: Decadence and Downfall: The Shah of Iran's Ultimate Party (2016) ::: In 1971, the Shah of Iran, the self-proclaimed 'king of kings', celebrated 2,500 years of the Persian monarchy by throwing the greatest party in history. Money was no object - a lavish tent city, using 37km of silk, was erected in a specially created oasis. The world's top restaurant at the time, Maxim's, closed its doors for two weeks to cater the event, a five-course banquet served to over sixty of the world's kings, queens and presidents, and washed down with some of the rarest wines known to man. Over a decadent five-day period, guests were treated to a pageant of thousands of soldiers dressed in ancient Persian costume, a 'son et Lumiere' at the foot of Darius the Great's temple, and the opening of the Azadi Tower in Tehran, designed to honour the Shah himself. Every party leaves a few hangovers. This one left a country reeling, never to recover. It crystallised the opposition, led by the Ayatollah Khomeini. More than any other event, this party marked the break between the king of kings and the people of Iran he reigned over.
1060 ::: Inverted (2019) ::: Set in the 70's, a centuries-old cult known as the "Inverts" kidnap four sin bearing individuals against their will to recruit for the holy war against the second coming of Christ. From a homosexual hippie, prostitute druggie, man in drag, and a pedofilic priest...they're all deemed to be choice victims to invert through initiations that push past the most brutal boundaries.
1061 ::: Section 60: Arlington National Cemetery (2008) ::: It has been called 'the saddest acre in America.' It is also one of the most sacred. Section 60 in Arlington National Cemetery is the final resting place for young men and women who died fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan. For families and friends, it is a place to grieve, to honor, to remember--and to find comfort and community with others who have shared the same profound loss. Award-winning filmmakers Jon Alpert and Matthew O'Neill present this emotional, elegiac documentary filmed entirely in Section 60 where cameras captured the sights and sounds of funerals and provide intimate glimpses of family members and friends who have come to honor their loved ones.
1062 ::: The Longest Journey (2016) ::: A family of 5 will do everything in their power to help bring to light what is little known as the 'ugliest disease known to man'. They aid their loving mother battling the disease Huntington's, which is the culmination of Parkinson's, Alzheimer's, ALS. The family's goal is to ride 3,000 consecutive miles, 24 hours a day from Coast to Coast in the Race Across America to hopefully raise awareness about the disease. Will this normal 9-5 family be able to succeed in one of the most grueling races in the world?
1063 ::: Other Side of Zero (????) ::: Other Side of Zero is an intimate portrait of the lives of three men who were a part of the construction crews responsible for the clean up of Ground Zero after 9/11. With unique access to these men and their families, first time director Chris Hillman documents the devastating effects post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) has on the lives of those suffering from it. In true documentary style this raw film gives us a glimpse into an untold story of 9/11. Gregers Sall, the award winning editor of the documentary film 'Senna,' is the film's editor.
1064 ::: The Flirting Club (2010) ::: Some people are beyond help when it comes to meeting someone. An American Pie meets Male Bridget Jones. Jamie, age 29 going on 12, loser, virgin, stumbles upon a group of misfits who meet every week above a pub in order to discover the secrets of love, relationships and finding the perfect partner.....The Flirting Club. Is it the answer to what he is searching for? Jamie has one month to meet a real girl otherwise he has to marry Laura 'the human pig' from next door. Inadvertently hampered by his best mate Bill, stuck with a schoolboy infatuation with his Hot Boss, two left feet and zero pulling skills an accidental encounter with his local flirting club, might just hold all the answers. The group of six, thirty-something singles and Miriam, their teacher who has an unusual approach to flirting success, seem unlikely to succeed. But as everyone knows the course to true love is never easy and the gang of misfits soon learn that getting it right is more about being yourself then trying to be someone else.
1065 ::: Moor America (2018) ::: Moor America tells the story of Jade, a house slave at the notorious Chill Rock Manor Plantation who escapes to the "promised land" of Melvin, an uncharacteristic slave owner in the antebellum south. When Jade becomes the first runaway slave to escape Chill Rock, she makes it to a black plantation where freedom is the norm. Jade acclimates herself and falls for Melvin, the head of her new residence. Melvin, a third generation slaver of Muslim descent (Moor) must manage his own plantation while keeping his new love protected from a slave owner who'll do anything to avoid a tarnished reputation. Moor America turns history upside down. It shows the realness, brutality, and cruelty of slavery from a viewpoint never shown before. Moor America is a show of power in the days of slavery from those who never had it.
1066 ::: Lille Dorrit (1924) ::: The series tells the story of Amy Dorrit, who spends her days earning money for the family and looking after her proud father, who is a long term inmate of Marshalsea debtors' prison in London. Amy and her family's world is transformed when her boss's son, Arthur Clennam, returns from overseas to solve his family's mysterious legacy and discovers that their lives are interlinked.
1067 ::: Pinagbiyak na bunga: Lookalayk (1994) ::: The resemblance between Urot (Andrew E) and Berto (Chiquito) is undeniable that people cannot help but think that they are related to each other. Out of their need to survive they would get into desperate acts like donating blood. One day, Urot bumped into Dorie (Nida Blanca), a prosperous business woman with a generous heart. She hired him to work as a janitor in her office. And just when they were in search of an image model, Urot was looked at and considered.Little did they know that the career opportunity would open a lot of doors for him, including discovering his true identity as well as his roots.
1068 ::: Buy Roses for Me (????) ::: Karen Sullivan is having trouble trying to maintain things around her. Even though years have passed, she's still in a deep state of grief over her boyfriend Dan's tragic death. This takes a turn when she crosses paths with Dan's good friend, Julian, at a party one summer night. After a few conversations and a nervous breakdown, the two of them find themselves romantically interested... kinda. Unsure of the situation, they part ways. Months later, Julian is trying to find this creative vision by way of photography. A chance encounter introduces him to Caroline: An eccentric performance artist who takes a liking to him. She invites him to several of the events she's involved with, as well as big names in the local art scene. The chance for Julian's work to be exposed to a bigger audience is showing itself, just in time for Karen to reappear in his life, ready to clear the air between them. Julian finds himself caught between building his future and mending the past; and both are about to impact not just Julian, but the lives of everyone around him.
1069 ::: The Box (1996) ::: Mike (Greg David Shore) is a down and out playwright struggling to finish his first opus all the while longing for fame and fortune in the big city. With his dutiful actress girlfriend Toni (Honor Moor) by his side they strike out to seek fortune and fame in a small theater run by the ominous rheater director known simply as "The Man" (Scott Schiaffo/Clerks/Vulgar) "The Man" plays on their fears and desire for fame and fortune, he offers a sure fire elixir for success, but it comes with a very dear price, once you delve into "THE BOX", your soul will be lost. What price would you pay for fame & fortune?
1070 ::: Conflict (2017/II) ::: The title speaks for itself. Elusive but captivating interplay of two silent figures brings questions about how you place yourself in contact with others and how others perceive you. The context of the conflict is withheld, allowing a viewer to face his/her own emotions and reasons. The setting acts as a hall of mirrors, so each person and movement exists across time and space in several places at once. This story tells that human identity with its perceptions and reflections, is a many-sided and fascinating phenomenon.
1071 ::: Mississippi, America (1996) ::: Using archival footage and on-camera interviews, this documentary film tells the story of how a coalition of civil rights organizations and thousands of black and white Americans joined forces during the summer of 1964 -- Freedom Summer -- to assist blacks in Mississippi in their fight for the right to register to vote.
1072 ::: Equally Different (2007) ::: We live in the Europe, where we are all equally differents. Here, we all have the same habits but we live them in different ways. It's that kind of different characteristics that make us cultural rich, and make us approach to each others, wanting to know more about us. This film was made for the competition PRIX EUROPA SPOT 2007
1073 ::: House on Ghost Hill Road (2016) ::: Jason Fury and his team of Paranormal Investigators go to the House on Ghost Hill Road in search of adventure and answers to his own tragic past. As the house's history is revealed, Jason and his team find a malevolent Lovecraftian evil more horrific than they could have ever imagined and find out his family's unbreakable ties to the house
1074 ::: Formosa Boulevard (2015) ::: Formosa Boulevard is the first feature flick from writer, director Scott Weatherall. This indie film was produced by Stone Soup Production Company, and was shot completely in Taiwan. The story follows two people, at different ends of the life spectrum whose paths cross on one eventful night. Otis, an unapologetic, alcoholic, freeloading foreigner, who lives for himself, and he does what he wants. Danny has lived his life to please everyone, but on the day of his wedding, something in him snaps and he runs. On this particular night, Otis' past will catch up with him and he will be forced to face mistakes he started making along time ago. Take a ride through the twisted, unusually, and unexpected, turns of Formosa Boulevard.
1075 ::: Suave El Aliento (2015) ::: Current portrait of a family in the city. Dolores is an elder woman struggling to defend her freedom. Rafael is retired athlete who wants to give some meaning to his existence. Laura is a lovesick teenager debating a decision that will change her fate.
1076 ::: Results May Vary (2008) ::: There is no guarantee that this film or its message will change your view towards racial, gender, religious, or social inequalities. It is possible that you may experience uncomfortable or confusing moments of disorientation in which you may find yourself confronted by an idea or belief that you do not agree with. Side effects from watching this film may include anger, lasting frustration, unexpected bouts of laughter, empowerment, a heightened sensitivity to those around you, spontaneous moments of deep thought, relapses into an ignorant state of mind, sudden shifts in ideology, and brief moments of awkward silence. If any of these symptoms should occur, please engage in a civilized and respectful conversation about it with your closest neighbor. Again, we make no guarantee that this film will change your life. Results may vary.
1077 ::: Salon krasoty (1985) ::: Ofelia and Maria are working together as hairdressers. Ofelia has a lot of problems with her husband and always wants Maria's help. Maria has had to reason with Ofelia's husband so many times that soon she feels that she's falling in love with him.
1078 ::: PaintBox (2006) ::: Through color and sound we witness a creative process of a boy trying to be a modern painter. Enclosed in a big, white box, representing artist's mind, Lucas uses "very innovative" painting techniques...is he far from modern artists of the 21st century?
1079 ::: Qian li zou dan qi (2005) ::: In a village of fishermen in Japan, Takata misses his son Kenichi, to whom he has been estranged for many years. When his daughter-in-law Rie tells him that Kenichi is sick in the hospital, she suggests Takata to come to Tokyo to visit his son in the hospital where he would have the chance to retie the relationship. However, Kenichi refuses to receive his father in his room, and Rie gives a videotape to Takata to know about the work of his son. Once at home, Takata sees a documentary in the remote village Lijiang, in the province of Younnan, about the passion of Kenichi, the Chinese opera, where the lead singer Li Jiamin promises to sing an important folk opera on the next year. When Rie calls Takata to tell that her husband has a terminal liver cancer, Takata decides to travel to Lijiang to shoot Li Jiamin singing the opera to give to Kenichi. Takada, a Japanese fisherman has been estranged from his son for many years, but when the son is diagnosed with terminal cancer his daughter-in-law, Rie, summons him to the hospital. When his son refuses to see him, Rie gives him a videotape about the work his son was doing on a documentary film in a remote region of China's Yunnan province. Still troubled by the relationship, Takada decides to complete his son's work in part to develop an understanding of his son, and in part to do something for him. Once in China a series of obstacles and relationships bring him unexpectedly closer to both an understanding of himself and of his son.
1080 ::: Usted puede ser un asesino (1961) ::: Two friends plan a weekend of partying with two ladies of easy virtue, sending their wives to the mountain chalet. But everything is complicated when a corpse after another began to appear in the living room of the house and also the wives forget the keys of the house and they have to come back to pick it up.
1081 ::: Motel Wives (1968) ::: Capri, the owner of a motel, arranges for husbands and wives to meet their lovers in privacy. When a woman fails to show up for a tryst, Capri herself substitutes for the woman. She joins in an orgy with two men and two women and watches a young couple make love for the first time.
1082 ::: "TCM Spotlight: Pirate Pictures" (2014) ::: Ahoy there, Mateys. TCM takes to the high seas this month as the popular franchise Friday Night Spotlight focuses on "Pirate Pictures." This month's festival is hosted by Greg Proops, the American actor, stand-up comic and television host whose extensive TV credits include the U.K. and U.S. versions of the improvisational comedy series "Whose Line Is It Anyway?" Proops also hosts two podcasts, "The Smartest Man in the World" and "Greg Proops Film Club," both available through iTunes or on his website, gregproops.com.
1083 ::: It Isn't Done (1937) ::: Hubert Blaydon ('Cecil Kellaway' (qv)),a simple Australian farmer inherits a castle and a title in England, and moves his family from the farm to the castle. He also inherits a very stuffy, prim-and-proper butler who constantly reprimands Blaydon whenever he disobeys aristocratic protocol...which he often does.
1084 ::: Checkpoint (1987) ::: A busload of College students, returning to Michigan from a Canadian field trip, is stopped at the US border at the time of the Iranian hostage crisis. The group includes a number of Iranian passengers, divided along ideological lines, whose debates about policy and politics soon lead to a full-scale confrontation.
1085 ::: Rebound: A Basketball Story (2009) ::: Rebound: A Basketball Story is the true story of a high school basketball team that rose from literal ashes to realize a dream that no Kentucky 9th Region team has accomplished since - winning the state championship. In the fall of 1980, the small town of Independence, Kentucky was rocked by a massive gas explosion at its high school, causing millions of dollars worth of damage, dozens of injuries, and the untimely death of one of its brightest students, 16-year-old Robert Williams. But in face of adversity, a team of young men fought back. With no school to attend or gym to practice in, the Boy's Varsity Basketball team carried on with their season in an attempt to inspire their fellow students and unite the entire community. In rallying around their team, the town of Independence found a way to heal and rebuild. With unbelievable strength, they picked up the pieces of their lives and moved on the way they knew best - by playing basketball.
1086 ::: When the Sun Rises (2015) ::: Tomorrow is 1 July 1997 and six million Hong Kong residents will wake up in Communist China. Do the ominous storm clouds portend trouble brewing? For some, this is simply the world's biggest party. But most of the residents of this city are anxious about what tomorrow will bring. The lives of five residents literally collide during the final hours under British rule. Each feels trepidation and anxiety for the future. Martin the young entitled British-banker is desperately trying to hale a cab to get to his ball, impossible on a night like this. Egregiously late, he may have scuppered his chance of promotion and enlists the help of Florence, a British educated Chinese mystic whose loss of family fortune led her to seek a spiritual existence. Martin is dating Nancy, his older American girlfriend and works for her father at the bank. Desperately wanting to settle down and have kids, Nancy's biological clock is ticking away; she is expecting Martin to propose to her tonight. May Lee the Shanghainese octogenarian fled China as a young woman in the 1940's with her sister Wu Lin during the Communist uprising. Tomorrow, she wakes up in Communist-China, fearing for her future. A Cantonese taxi-driver, loyal to British crown all his life, feels abandoned by the Thatcherite-government. No passports have been issued or safe-haven offered from the Brits to this "slanty-eyed English-man" who sets out on a mission of petty revenge. These characters are drawn unexpectedly into each other's worlds having lived separately-together under British rule for the last 155 years. But now they "see" each other for the first time. Different languages, different cultures, yet on the eve of the handover they experience their shared humanity.
1087 ::: Do Waqt Ki Roti (1988) ::: Notorious bandit Tantia Bheel is arrested by the Police, tried in Court, found guilty and sentenced to 10 years in jail, where he gets to meet Jailer Vijay Saxena. Shortly thereafter Tantia breaks out of jail, and re-joins his fellow-bandits, led by Bhairav Singh and his son, Jagga. Acknowledging his failure, Vijay tenders his resignation and vows to bring Tantia back to jail so that he can complete his sentence. Vijay does find Tantia and readies himself to apprehend him, but he must first overcome an unexpected opponent, in the shape and form of Shankar, who is out to avenge the death of his sister, Pammi, at the hands of Tantia. Watch what happens when both Vijay and Shankar clash with each other for Tantia - while the bandit remains at large.
1088 ::: "Animal Superpowers" (2012) ::: Patrick Stewart investigates the incredible superpowers of nature's deadliest animals; from shape shifting octopuses that change the colour of their skin in an instant to salamanders that have the alien-like ability to re-grow lost limbs. Using a mix of action-packed location filming following intrepid scientists tracking and catching these extraordinary animals, stunning footage of extreme animal behaviour, and immersive CGI animation, Patrick Stewart reveals the secret superpowers of the animal kingdom.
1089 ::: Da Pinche Code (2012) ::: There's a code in the murals, and who ever finds it will rule the barrio, and to be a Hispanic-independent producer is a tragic comedy. A mafioso down on his luck, a director with a passion, and a young man trying to find his true identity all collide in this hilarious comedy.
1090 ::: Beyond Treason (2005) ::: This extremely powerful 89 minute film presents comprehensive documentation from United States Government archives of a massive cover-up, including military and civilian experimentation, dating back over 60 years. As ailing Gulf War Heroes from all 27 coalition countries slowly die of "unknown causes," they wait for answers from their respective governments, but no satisfying or even credible answers have come forth from the military establishment. Records that span over a decade point to negligence and even culpability on the part of the U.S. Department of Defense and their "disposable army" mentality. From the first Gulf War the VA has determined that 250,000 troops are now permanently disabled, 15,000 troops are dead and over 425,000 troops are ill and slowly dying from what the Department of Defense still calls a "mystery disease." How many more will have to die before action is taken?
1091 ::: Fjällbackamorden: Havet ger, havet tar (2013) ::: When Erica finds Fjällbacka's photographer Stigge murdered in his studio, she can't help but take interest in the investigation regarding his death. Patrik and his colleagues at the Fjällbacka police soon starts to question whether or not Stigge was the sweet old man he seemed to be. Erica is already ahead of them - since her mother-in-law Kristina has confided in her that she is one among many in the neighborhood that Stigge blackmailed... In "The sea gives, the sea takes" we go back to the 1960s to tell the story of how true love corrupted young Stigge and made him cover up a murder with the purpose to win the love of his life.
1092 ::: Hartenstraat (2014) ::: Single father and Deli owner Daan tries to find love online. Katje a beautiful yet self absorbed designer opens a store next door, they instantly dislike each other. Daan daughter Saar loves swans, and the fact that they are monogamous for life. She sees her dad as a swan looking for his lifelong mate. Daan falls in love with a woman online, but when they meet she is not who he expects. *Subtitles
1093 ::: Kiiroi namida (2007) ::: They famously say that all the hippies of the '60s ended up becoming nothing more than bankers. Amidst a resurgent Japan of the 1960s four young men aspire to respectively become a singer, a painter, a writer and a comic book author. They vow not to compromise until their dreams are realized. This is their story.
1094 ::: The Keep (1983) ::: Nazis are sent to guard an old, mysterious fortress in a Romanian pass. One of them mistakenly releases an unknown force trapped within the walls. A mysterious stranger senses this from his home in Greece and travels to the keep to vanquish the force. As soldiers are killed, a Jewish man and his daughter (who are both knowledgeable of the keep) are brought in to find out what is happening. Nazis make an old East European town's Keep their base. The local people fear the place is haunted. As soldier after soldier is killed by the beast in the Keep, the Nazis have no option but to seek the aid of a Jew to translate some manuscripts. Romania, 1942, a detachment of the German Army is sent to gaurd a mysterious Romanian citadel located on a strategic mountain pass. When soldiers begin to be mysteriously murdered, the SS arrives to deal with what is thought to be partisan activity. What the SS finds, however, is an evil force trapped within the Keep and a force which will do anything in order to escape.
1095 ::: One Day I Too Go Fly (2016) ::: A coming of age documentary about 5 African youths on a quest for knowledge at an elite American university, MIT. Shooting over 4 years as their lives meander between North America and Africa, this film chronicles how they discover engineering, the world and themselves.
1096 ::: Cosmetic Surgery: Creating Beauty (2000) ::: This documentary follows several real patients before, during, and after they undergo a variety of cosmetic surgery procedures - breast reduction, breast augmentation, botox (botulism toxin) injections to remove facial wrinkles, fat injections to plump up lips, collagen injections to fill out facial furrows, laser bleaching of teeth, laser hair removal, and otoplasty (ear pinback).
1097 ::: Maybe (2003) ::: For the first time the eating disorder "Bulemia" is a relevant component of a feature film. The film subject is an "American Graffiti" of the 90's, a panoramic view of the twnty-something, middle-class. Their relationships, goals, worries, motivations and ambitions are explored within the confusion behind their ideology in the age of AIDS.
1098 ::: "#NotMadMonday" (2015) ::: #NotMadMonday is a new, fast-paced talk show starring unlikely #BFFS, Brian Patacca + Chelsea London Lloyd. (He's from the 70s and she's a 90s bitch.) #TheyLoveIt. Drawing on their close friendship and disparity in age, this show takes irreverence to a whole new level as these co-hosts confront online dating (#serioustalk), technological dis-advancements and maddening etiquette (#wedont).
1099 ::: Sapne Sajan Ke (1992) ::: Shalini wants her daughter, Jyoti, to get married with son of a wealthy man, Gulu. But Jyoti doesn't like Gulu. She meets Deepak and both fall in love. Shalini approves this match of Jyoti and Deepak. But Jyoti comes to know that Deepak is not a rich boy as he pretended all along the way. Shalini would like her daughter, Jyoti, to get married to the only son of a wealthy family whose name is Gulu alias Gulshan, however, Jyoti does not like Gulu and would prefer to marry someone else. She meets with Deepak, an eligible young, and wealthy man, and both fall in love with each other. She introduces Deepak to her mom, and she approves of this match. Shortly thereafter, Jyoti finds out that Deepak is not who is claims to be, and neither is he wealthy, but the son of a mere chauffeur.
1100 ::: Baeuneun baeuda (2013) ::: Rough Play displays the life of Oh Young (Lee Joon), an young cocky actor who plays a lead part on a small play. He constantly goes off script and improvises in which results in destroying the play because the lead actress can't handle it. Oh Young knows he is a good actor and is noticed by manager Kim Jang-Ho (Seo Bum-Suk), who has hit rock bottom and is looking for a comeback. Jang-Ho knows the young actor's potential and puts all he has on the line to make Oh Young the next big thing. However, the more famous Oh Young gets, he becomes more and more cocky taking his career and the people close to him for granted. This movie will portray the downfall of a young cocky actor after reaching the top in his career.
1101 ::: Rajjobaji (2004) ::: The story is about a young couple Ajjan and Rajjo, who love to each other and dreaming to become a soul mate, but suddenly ajjan falls in love with other girl and he gets marriage with her and settled down. rajjo sacrificed her life on her first love ajjan. After twelve years, when ajjan meets rajjo, he realizes that he has not only destroyed her life also destroyed himself.
1102 ::: Manifestation (2017) ::: Manifestation is an intense deeply visceral exploration of the disintegration of a marriage following the death of the couple's only child. The couple's guilt, grief and anguish are so powerful they manifest themselves into a terrifying and vengeful physical entity. The couple must confront this manifestation to achieve a form of closure.
1103 ::: Seriously... Phil Collins (1990) ::: 4 TV Executives attempt to make a television special to promote ...But Seriously. Mostly made of sketches this film includes a rap version of Don't Lose My Number and a country take on Seperate Lives. Phil even attempts to be Elvis Presley while singing One More Night.
1104 ::: "Dominique" (1977) ::: Jeune veuve de 39 ans, Dominique Dupuis doit assumer seule l'éducation de ses enfants Pierre-Luc et Genevičve, deux adolescents pleins de vie. Courageuse et déterminée, elle doit surmonter plusieurs obstacles, dont le gouffre financier qu'elle constate au moment du décčs de son époux. Pour y remédier, elle vend sa maison, loue un appartement au Carré St-Louis et se trouve un emploi dans une galerie d'art. Ses enfants occupent une grande place dans sa vie. Elle doit subir les avances de son patron, Jean-Paul Vanier, qui la courtise subtilement, et les reproches de ses parents, surtout de son pčre Raoul, qui acceptent difficilement son nouveau mode de vie.
1105 ::: Laura nuda (1961) ::: Laura, a beautiful young middle class woman, marries Franco just to see what it is like to tie in the knot. She is not happy with him and tries to find happiness in the arms of a couple of men, among whom a respected teacher. But her quest is a failure and , in the end, she finds herself helpless and desperate.
1106 ::: Japanese War Bride (1952) ::: Korean War veteran returns home to rural Salinas, California with his new Japanese wife, whom he met at a war hospital. The couple are forced to deal with the sometimes subtle, sometimes overt racism of his family and the townspeople, especially after the birth of their son.
1107 ::: Les héritiers (2014/I) ::: The fact based story of a class of schoolchildren, teenagers, in a, from the look of it, mixed ethnic district of Paris, who's teacher decides to enter them in a competition to examine the holocaust from the point of view of its impact on young people. It contains some very emotional scenes and chronicles the change in the opinions and interactions of a typical class of adolescents.
1108 ::: "CNN NewsStand" (1998) ::: Focuses on celebrity auctions, especially ones for Elvis Presley and Marilyn Monroe. Michael Okwu interviews memorabilia experts Jerry Osborne and Bruce Wolmer, as well as potential buyers attending auctions. Profiled from start to finish is Jerry Osborne's quest to be the winning bidder of a 1959 congratulatory telegram sent by Elvis and Col. Parker to Dean Martin.
1109 ::: Il giudizio universale (1961) ::: Una possente e misteriosa voce echeggia nel cielo di Napoli : annuncia l'inizio del Giudizio Universale, alle sei di quella sera. Cosě una folla di personaggi si muove eccitata sotto l'influenza di quella implacabile voce. Dopo l'inizio del grosso processo, al quale tutti possono sentirsi presenti attraverso la televisione, il Giudizio č bruscamente interrotto da una pioggia torrenziale. E' un acquazzone che ha rimpiazzato drasticamente e definitivamente il Giudizio, cancellando la Terra ed i suoi mali ? Niente affatto, si tratta solo di una violenta tempesta, che pian piano si esaurisce. Cosě, quando la paura finisce, tutti tornano alle consuete (e non sempre benevoli) abitudini, dimenticando tutte le migliori intenzioni di redenzione avute appena qualche ora prima, influenzati dal terrore della imminente fine.
1110 ::: Czlowiek na torze (1957) ::: In 1950, at night, a passenger train kills a man on the tracks. He is Orzechowski, an engineer since 1914. An inquiry immediately follows. Testimony takes the form of flashbacks. Tuszka, the station master, believes Orzechowski was a saboteur; at least one on the inquiry panel agrees. Zapora, the young engineer on the train that hit Orzechowski, gives more complicated testimony about the dead man - stiff-necked, proud, imperious, critical of Zapora and other younger workers. The signalman at the crossing where Orzechowski died also testifies. Can the panel arrive at the truth in a world where workers unite, inferior coal is a badge of honor, and the old order is suspect?
1111 ::: Plugs (2014) ::: "plugs" documentary explores the origin of creativity among a variety of independent artists through more than twenty interviews and many live performances set in the city of Athens (Greece). Creators' feelings and hidden aspects of music engineering are equally exposed by bedroom and professionals musicians. "plugs" documents a slice-of-music-life in a world full of cables, knobs, synths and pure creativity.
1112 ::: Grace Is Gone (2017) ::: "Grace Is Gone" presents a story of a man (Jericho) trying to protect his family in a post apocalyptic world filled with violent gangs and a deadly, incurable virus. We follow Jericho as he tries to rebuild a normal life with his daughter, grandson and newly found extended family in their small farm community. During a normal day into town to trade supplies with other communities, Jericho and his daughter (Gracie) cross paths with a pillaging gang called the Sandflies who are led by their ruthless leader, Black Jack (played by Ken Shamrock). A fight erupts, forcing Jericho and Gracie to run, leaving Black Jack scarred with fury and rage, hell bent on hunting them down at all costs.
1113 ::: Boots and Saddles (1937) ::: When new owner Spud arrives from England, Autry convinces him not to sell the ranch but to raise horses for the Army. When both Autry's and Neale's bids are the same, the Colonel calls for a race to decide the winner. But that night Neale has Autry's stable burned.
1114 ::: Tell About the South: Voices in Black and White (1998) ::: This is the first part of a trilogy of films telling the history of Modern Southern Literature. Entitled Tell About the South, Part One, this film includes such writers as the Fugitive Poets, the Blues Poets, William Faulkner, Zora Neale Hurston, Thomas Wolfe, Erskine Caldwell, Tennessee Williams and many others.
1115 ::: A Falecida (1965) ::: In the suburb of Sampaio, Zulmira visits a fortune teller (Madame Crisálida) who advises her to be careful with a 'blonde woman'. When her unemployed husband, Toninho, returns home she tells him about what Madame Crisálida had to say, and guesses that the "blondie" might be her neighbor and cousin Glorinha. However, in their boring life, soccer is the relief valve of the mediocre. Toninho that is actually worried about the final soccer game of the "Carioca" (from Rio de Janeiro) Championship where his team Vasco will play against Fluminense. He does not pay much attention in his wife. Zulmira develops a morbid fixation and goes out into the rain where she catches pneumonia, forcing Toninho to promise her a dream funeral, upon her death.
1116 ::: Jhummandi Nadam (2010) ::: Balu (Manoj Kumar Manchu) loves music very much. He wants to become a famous musician. He left his village and came to Hyderabad to fulfill his dream. He rented a house across the house of Venkata Chalapathi's (Mohan Babu) house. Venkata doesn't approve the way of living of the new generation. So when his friend's daughter Sravya (Tapsee Pannu) and Balu fell for each other, he became complete against of their love. Now the lovers have to overcome the obstacles of Venkata for the sake of their love.
1117 ::: Kei yau yeh (2013) ::: The second installment of the Hong Kong horror-film portmanteau series features a nurse spellbound by a cursed pillow, students romping through a haunted school and a deadly encounter between a mysterious man and a prostitute. (Mandarin with English subtitles)
1118 ::: Pissed on the Job (2004) ::: Experimental dramadoc about high-functioning alcoholics and problem drinking in the workplace. Based on the testimony of real people, with actors playing out their stories and the whole film mimicking the texture of a witty and gritty observational documentary.
1119 ::: Private Gold 83: Porn Wars - Episode 2 (2006) ::: The few remaining Jodi are in hiding, training new padawans in their secret base. While the Jodi concentrate on defeating Seperatist groups, the evil Seth have been plotting a return to power, this time by using traitors within the Jodi temple. Sonnen Lightside, now a full Jodi knight, becomes suspicious when master Traley Sommerset starts acting uncharacteristically short tempered. It seems that for the Jodi, no one can be trusted anymore.
1120 ::: Cigarettes et bas nylon (2010) ::: In 1945, "cigarette camps" were set up in Normandy to provide rest and recreation for American soldiers back from the front. They were hastily transformed into transit camps for the French wives of some of these soldiers, helping them with their administrative tasks and teaching them how to become perfect American wives.
1121 ::: "Get a Job" (2012) ::: Steve (35) gets laid off from a manager position at Livingston Media. He is forced to move back with his father Don (56) a movie studio executive. Don gets Steve a job as a PA on a feature film because he wants Steve out on his own again. Steve's best friend Jimmy is a slacker and total gamer who always seems to get Steve side tracked. Jimmy's friend Dime Bag is introduced and eventually the three end up renting a place and working in the film industry together. These are mostly true, comedic behind the scenes stories based on the many jobs I have held while working in the Hollywood film industry!
1122 ::: Virgin Cowboys (2002) ::: David Kinsale, a well known psychiatrist gets caught up in a share scandal. Unknown to him his nephew's share tip is a dud. Having mortgaged their assets both uncle and nephew gamble the lot on this get rich quick scheme. Everything looks good initially, but soon the stock price collapses and both men are implicated in a share scandal. Their world implodes before their very eyes but as soon s they realise they have been set up they set about extracting their revenge.
1123 ::: Hayan sonsugeon (1974) ::: Ji-suk marries Ji-hun and lives happily until her new husband is called away to Indonesia because of work. Shortly thereafter, Ji-suk receives news that Ji-hun is dead and she struggles to eke out a living as a single mother as best she can
1124 ::: Conditioned Response (2017) ::: For the past 20 years, ex-Army Ranger and "killology" expert Dave Grossman has been traveling across the US to train police officers on his philosophy of killing. Footage from one of Grossman's seminars is juxtaposed with stark, brutal images of police brutality-including the shooting of Philando Castile by a Minnesota police officer.
1125 ::: "Frontline Medicine" (2011) ::: Michael Mosley investigates how modern warfare has accelerated the development of medical innovations, beginning at Camp Bastion in Afghanistan, where medics have achieved the highest survival rates in the history of military combat. He also visits hospitals across America to witness technological advances that have the potential to save the lives of thousands of civilians and soldiers. Michael Mosley discovers that, though the warzones of Afghanistan have the highest survival rate in the history of combat, many soldiers and civilians still suffer from severe, life-changing injuries. He examines how medical technology is helping them rebuild their lives through advances including mind-controlled prosthetics, face transplants and spare body parts. Michael Mosley travels to Camp Bastion in Afghanistan to see the ground breaking medical treatments being given to soldiers on the battlefield. He then travels to the UK and America to witness what happens to them once they come back from the Battlefield.
1126 ::: Cuentos eróticos (1980) ::: A set of nine stories whose central theme is eroticism. The different directors of the film deal from philosophical aspects to others that are almost pornographic, but always with a common denominator: sensuality. Segments: 1- Small Planet, 2 - The Tilita, 3 - The Vile Metal, 4 - Broken Times, 5 - Końensonaten, 6 - Peppermint, 7 - Frac, 8 - Everyday Life, 9 - Love is a Wonderful Thing.
1127 ::: Ping guo de zi wei (2016) ::: In addition to deconstructing the development of Next Media in Taiwan, The Taste of Apple reflects the abnormal development of Taiwanese media and the casual adoption of self-censorship in the face of China and self-interests. When Taiwan's freedom of the press must rely on a Hong Kong-based media group criticised as "sensationalist" for its defence, we are truly witnessing the greatest ironies.
1128 ::: The Seduction of Joe Tynan (1979) ::: Respected liberal Senator Joe Tynan is asked to lead the opposition to a Supreme Court appointment. It means losing an old friend and fudging principles to make the necessary deals, as well as further straining his already part-time family life. But it could be a big boost to his career, so he takes it on. Helping him prepare the case is pretty southern researcher Karen Traynor, and their developing relationship further complicates and compromises his life.
1129 ::: The Mini (2007) ::: A dejected futon salesman competes with a cocky co-worker to win a mini-marathon and score a coveted assistant manager position in the store where they both work. Fran Molon specializes in futons, but everyone in his small town has their mind set on mattresses. With a mini-marathon fast approaching, Fran's colleague suggests that they compete to see who can get the fastest time, and allow the winner to become the new assistant manager. Before long, Fran is training around the clock. Does he possess the drive and endurance to cross the finish line first, or is he forever doomed to be the red-headed stepchild of the furniture business.
1130 ::: Travelin' Trains (1988) ::: The story of Sam Unterman, a young man in search of his father, "The Snowman," in depression-era Georgia, and the blues music that united and separated him from his search. The truth to the railroad warning that "hobo legends ain't the same as book legends," becomes painfully clear to young Sam in his journey through the music of a generation living the blues.
1131 ::: Jon and Jimmy (2010) ::: Jon and Jimmy is a 50 minute documentary exploring the friendship of Jon Larsen and Jimmy Rosenberg, their huge talent for jazz and their love of the music of Django Reinhardt. Interviews and personal accounts reveal their life on the road together in Norway, France and Holland - and the influences, dreams and hopes they share.
1132 ::: Solo (2005/II) ::: 19 year old Tobi does his civil service in a home for the elderly. There lives Mrs. Lichtenberg, a old and lonely woman who is dependent on constant presence of a care person. Tobi plans to celebrate into his 20th birthday in the evening, but the night nurse does not come. Coincidentally also Mrs. Lichtenberg has birthday, Tobi short hand decides to carry forward Mrs. Lichtenberg. But he does not know that she has her own plans.
1133 ::: Sbamm! (1980) ::: Il signor Pallone non č molto portato per il lavoro. In dieci giorni č riuscito a farsi licenziare sette volte. E' inoltre in lite col vicino signor Quercia con cui si scambia una serie di dispetti quotidiani. Il suo grande sogno č quello di dirigere una grande orchestra sinfonica. Ha una fidanzata che, guarda caso, e figlia di un famoso discografico. Non potrebbe questo fatto aiutarlo a coronare il suo sogno?
1134 ::: Losing Everything (2016) ::: "Losing Everything" is filled with real life emotions that showcase drama, love, deception, and patience of one man's dream to succeed no matter what it takes. Jeremiah is an aspiring author with a dream of being successful, but what happens when the dream is taking longer than expected? His fiancé, Angelina, is a high-power attorney, who demands nothing but the best in work and at home. At the firm, there are three other co-workers, who have secrets of their own which begin to unravel. Family and friends get involved in personal lives, as secrets and true feelings are revealed that could alter their lives forever in "Losing Everything." Do you have the strength to stand when everything around you is failing? Are you willing to lose in order to gain?
1135 ::: Canyon Crossroads (1955) ::: A mining engineer, who is shunned by his peers for his unorthodox beliefs concerning the whereabouts of large uranium deposits, joins forces with a girl and her father to search for the mineral. When the father is hurt in an accident, daughter and engineer continue the project, aided by a Native American guide. Unbeknownst to the group, a reputable citizen of the town, really of low moral value, is shadowing themi, his intention, to jump their claim.
1136 ::: Trennung auf Italienisch (2014) ::: In order to complete their divorce, Eva and Mark need to sell their house in Italy. But the house is in a terrible state and they need to work together to renovate it for the potential buyers. Though they have both moved on to new relationships, their lingering feelings and past hurts must be dealt with before they can find happiness.
1137 ::: Seduction: Three Tales from the 'Inner Sanctum' (1992) ::: Victoria Principal stars in three gripping tales of obsessive love, portraying three different women who find there is a price to pay when passion, desire and love are taken to the extreme. In the three tales, she is seduced into a deadly love triangle, uncovering her husband's deadly obsession, and dealing with an innocent computer correspondence that becomes an obsessive, erotic love affair.
1138 ::: 2525 (????) ::: "Michael Hern is a brilliant fighter pilot, with an even more exceptional brain. So much so, that he becomes the subject for a groundbreaking scientific experiment. 500 years later, his brain has now become the heart and soul of a spaceship that is the last deterrent for saving mankind against the evil scientist who initiated the whole experiment.
1139 ::: "How to Look Good Naked" (2006) ::: Gok takes 8 women unhappy with their figures on a journey of self exploration with the end result of looking beautiful and appreciating their bodies once again. The secret behind this turn around? - A sprinkle of fashion and make-up advice and a whole load of self-esteem.
1140 ::: Critical Mass (2012/I) ::: Things aren't looking good for the world's population; as we multiply at an alarming rate there is not enough food, space... or sense. This intelligent film interweaves a fascinating 1960s rat experiment by Dr. John B. Calhoun with a slick snapshot of today's urban jungle.
1141 ::: Cyn (2007) ::: Cyn is a twisted tale about Cynthia, a young woman who is taken by two psychopaths (Mr. Sugar and Otto) in the middle of the night to an old abandon kindergarten. Cyn quickly turns the tables on them soon the night becomes a cat and mouse mind game. While this drama is unfolding a lone figure watches from a close circuit monitor. Who is Cynthia and what the hell is going on in this twisted tale?
1142 ::: The Blind Way Forward (2016) ::: Marlon and Santana start a conversation. Marlon is person with a visual impairment who became completely blind at age 30 being married having 2 young daughters. He and many others share their story of overcoming depression, keeping up to date with technology, cooking, raising his family and living the best life they can live. How is this achieved? The Blind Way Forward is a unique initiative to educate persons with vision impairment about the various technologies and associations available to them upon diagnosis.
1143 ::: The Light (2008/II) ::: Boogie Thompson, a talented music producer, is challenged for his love of being in a hip-hop group and focusing on being a loving and devoted husband and father. After his younger brother's untimely death, he decides to quite the group causing conflict with Soup, which is another member of the group.
1144 ::: Legally Stoned (2017) ::: Legally Stoned is an educational documentary aiming to reveal and support stories from the burgeoning marijuana business in the United States. Host, Katrina Glogowski visits Frank Mancinelli of Be Kind Buds Farm in this pilot episode produced by Matthew Joyce.
1145 ::: "We Need Girlfriends" (2006) ::: "We Need Girlfriends" chronicles the adventures of Tom, Henry and Rod, recent college graduates struggling to understand the complex world of the New York City dating scene after all three are simultaneously dumped by their long-term college girlfriends.
1146 ::: Fall Away (2011) ::: On the verge of being discovered, the lead singer for up-and-coming country folk band "65 Home" dies violently in a back alley. We follow the friends and lovers of 'Handsome Jake' as they try to come to terms with the singer's untimely death. As the band travels to Nashville to honor his passing, we discover that there are many Jake's - the brother, the lover, the poet, the liar and the cruel manipulator. Everyone knows a different side of this man and the conflicted and seemingly contradictory aspects of his life. Torn between his personal and professional relationship with his co-writer Mel and their unborn child, committed to his affair with his secret love John, determined to make it big at all costs - Jake is destined for greatness and taken from us all too soon. But by whom? And why? As the band members cross the Midwest with Jake's ashes on board their Winnebago, they must now struggle to regroup, understand what happened, and find a way to move on. But can they do it without Jake?
1147 ::: 39 Stripes (1979) ::: The true story of Ed Martin, former chain gang convict who converted to Christianity in prison in 1944 and formed the HopeAglow Prison Ministries. Ron Ormond's dramatized version of Ed's life in prison follows him swinging on a hammer in a chain gang, remembering his life of squalor and petty crime, finding Jesus through the persistence of his future wife Alfreda, and helping other inmates find salvation through his preaching in the prison chapel. The 39 stripes refer to the Jewish tradition of flogging criminals just short of the fatal 40 lash mark.
1148 ::: "Desh Ki Beti Nandini" (2013) ::: A simple, young and cheerful girl-next-door called Nandini hailing from a middle class family in Chandni Chowk, Delhi. Her father Ashok Pandey, is a retired government officer and mother Aanchal Pandey, a loving homemaker. She has an elder brother, Siddhart who is struggling to find a stable job and a younger college going sister, Ritu, who loves the world of fashion. While retired Ashok is still waiting to receive his pension money and Siddhath is looking for a stable job, Nandini is the sole bread winner of the family, who is working as a wedding planner. She is not only a responsible family member but also a responsible citizen, who believes in addressing daily life social problems instead of just complaining about them. Empathy, kindness, hard work and a zest to help others are the virtues she has been gifted with since childhood. She gets married to Prince Rajveer Raghuvanshi from royal family which is also a infleunt political family.Will she jump into politics and be sucessfull.For a girl, who has always fought for the right things and faced the challenges it brings with her optimism, will she be able to run a nation the way she runs her home? Will she truly become the epitome of women empowerment?
1149 ::: Britain Goes Camping (2010) ::: The evocative memories and unseen archive of generations of enthusiasts. How sleeping under canvas evolved from a leisure activity for a handful of adventurous Edwardian gents to the quintessentially British family pastime that it is today.
1150 ::: The Willow Tree (1920) ::: A Japanese girl falls in love with an Englishman who soon afterward departs for the war against Germany in Europe. She endures for four years, awaiting his return.
1151 ::: The World's Best Sellers: The Fine Art of Separating People from Their Money (1998) ::: "Is it art? Is it business? Should it be shocking? Should it be funny? Could you do better?" In this unique film, Dennis Hopper sends Hermann Vaske on a mission around the world to find out about the crossover between creative disciplines, and how this is changing the creative and commercial arts. With insights from Tony Scott, Spike Lee, Paul Arden, and Harvey Keitel this film shows the proximity between advertising, art, and film.
1152 ::: Missed Connections on the L (2009) ::: "Missed Connections on the L" follows seven New Yorkers on their search for love in the city's busy subway system. A world unto its own, the L train connects the island of Manhattan to Brooklyn's neighborhood Williamsburg - home of hipsters, artists and urban eclectics.
1153 ::: Bucuresti-Wien, 8-15 (2000) ::: At five o'clock in the morning Niki is gathering everything of value in his house. His wife and child are sleeping. He has bought himself a passport and is going to work illegally in Germany. He is going with Cretu, his childhood friend. The voyage proves more difficult than they were expecting.
1154 ::: Kure melancholik (1999) ::: Little Lojzík, whose mother was struck and killed by lightening, lives on a farm with his father and their old manservant. He perceives the raw surrounding world as images promising him his mother's lost embrace. The young boy searches in vain for someone out of all those near him to connect with. He can't get support and security from his father, from his mother's sister, nor even from his stepmother who, at least at the beginning, sympathized with his troubles. The only one, in fact, with whom Lojzík can share his lonely fate as an abandoned young one is an ordinary chicken.
1155 ::: East Lynne (1982) ::: Based on the bestselling 1861 English novel by Ellen Wood. In 1845 An aristocrat's gives his only daughter ( lady Isabelle) an elaborate coming of age birthday party ( on credit) on their large East Lynne property where important plot characters are intriduced.
1156 ::: The Wheat People (2016) ::: Wheat makes society. For 10,000 years, the domestic plant has evolved with human societies, shaped according to customs, forms of production, exchange, and citizenship. Today the transformation of the plant continues: new forms of wheat are constantly created. What society is sown with these new seeds? Pierre, Florent, and the rest are like the people who invented wheat. But they do it in very different ways...
1157 ::: Bob the Builder: The Great Race/Scoop the Disco Digger (2004) ::: Cartoons included are: 1. Bob's Egg and Spoon Race. 2. Racing Muck. Short Story: Sporty Spud. 3. Spud The Pilot. Short Story: Bob's Bucket. 4. Mr Bentley's Trains. Short Story: Lofty and the Tree Stump. 5. Spud The Musketeer / 1. Scoop The Disco Digger. Short Story: Mrs Potts' Paint Pots. 2. Bob The Farmer. Short Story: Square Dance Spud. 3. Spud's Statue. Short Story: Sleepless Lofty. 4. Travis's Busy Day. Short Story: Bob Saves Energy. 5. Muck's Surprise
1158 ::: "Skin Deep the Series" (2017) ::: SKIN DEEP The Series parallels some of the social challenges we currently face as a nation. Issues such as race, culture, gender identity, HIV/AIDS, Alzheimer's, police brutality, Islamophobia and much more. The series was created to show inspirational stories with transformational characters all brilliantly acted by a stellar professional cast from Atlanta and New York. The show is boldly written to address the many secrets hidden behind societal issues while showcasing the power of the human spirit. This journey is a mission to transform, heal and awaken that which drives us all to find our purpose and identity.
1159 ::: "Space Cadets" (2005) ::: A group of starry-eyed applicants are auditioned to undergo intensive training in Russia before being flown 100 kilometers up into near space. Here, they will spend up to five days orbiting the Earth, conducting experiments and quite literally watching the world go by - or will they? Unbeknown to them, they won't be in space at all... They won't even be in Russia. They'll actually be in a disused military base at a secret location somewhere in the UK, possibly the most audacious, complicated and ambitious practical joke in television history.
1160 ::: Graffiti Verité 9: Soulful Ways - The DJ (2010) ::: The machinations of what a DJ actually does behind the "wheels" are downright fascinating. Consider the superior manual dexterity that is required to manipulate faders, switchers, equalizers, turntables (usually 2) all seemingly near simultaneous in their execution, in order to create a beat! Imagine? Watching those fingers move, teak, manipulate, scratch, push, slide and reverse actions are a sight-to-behold. The counter-intelligence at play here is awe-inspiring and unique. The ability to create a sound and move hundreds sometimes thousands of people to move thematically is Genius. These DJ's describe what and how they approach their craft. Listen up as they breakdown the basic elements to their craft. GV9 Soulful Ways: The DJ is a trip.
1161 ::: Hardwater (2012) ::: Hardwater is a feature-length documentary exploring the quirky, oft-understood Maine ice fishing culture. 77-year-old Mainer Bob Foster travels nearly three hundred miles north to the border of Canada, to chase trophy landlocked salmon, the fish he used to catch just miles from his central Maine home. His stories act as reflections on ice fishing's rich history and serve as connections to contemporary fishermen, environmental issues, and an exploration of Maine's rich, diverse winter tradition. Filmed on location in 11 counties over the course of three winters, Hardwater is a funny, moving, and first of it's kind documentary.
1162 ::: Magyar medeia (1977) ::: Mail <svaradi@sprynet.com> for translation. Jaszo Andras vegyeszmernok akaraterejenek es felesege aldozatos munkajanak koszonheti, hogy neves tudos lett. Az asszony multjaval es szuleivel is szakitott, hogy ferjevel sorskozosseget vallaljon. Mikor nyugodtan elvezhetnek kuzdelmuk gyumolcset, a ferfi elvalik az asszonytol. Deak Medea mar csak kisfiaban remenykedhet...
1163 ::: "Even Later with Salvatore Rizzo" (2011) ::: You've heard of The Late Show with David Letterman. You've heard of The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson. Now, from the depths of the underworld, TwitchTwitch Productions brings you the only undead late night talk show out there - Even Later with Salvatore Rizzo! What would happen if the Johnny Carson show, met David Letterman and Conan O'Brien and they were all dead and still performing? We don't know ourselves, but we believe it would be something along the lines of this show.
1164 ::: Not a Pretty Picture (1976) ::: Mixing narrative and documentary filming in a unique way the story is autobiographical and is about a date rape dissecting the characters and circumstances around it. By following the effects of the incident on the main character we grow to understand the tremendous impact of what many people don't consider to be rape.
1165 ::: "Prazer em Receber" (2017) ::: Lenny Niemeyer, one of the most prestigious fashion designers in Brazil is also an expert in entertaining guests. In this series, Lenny will open her home to us and reveal great tips and funny stories while teaching friends how to host a perfect party.
1166 ::: Buns of Steel (1987) ::: Sleekly defined and shapely buttocks are on every woman's list of goals, yet the buttocks, thighs and upper legs are problem spots even for the most dedicated fitness enthusiasts. Buns of Steel was created to change all that. Buns of Steel is devoted to strengthening, tightening, toning and shaping the buttocks (buns), thighs and upper legs. Through a grueling but effective series of exercises following a brief aerobic warm-up, Greg Smithey, former World Class pole vaulter, leads you on the road to a tighter, sleeker lower half. Greg incorporates the lower body strengthening exercises he used to train for vaulting into his demanding, targeted routine. And once you see the remarkable results, the hard work will be worth the effort! Greg Smithey has a B.A. in physical education, M.A. in education and is certified by the IDEA Foundation as a dance instructor. This video will definitely help you to get the results you've always desired...quickly and easily.
1167 ::: That's Why I Left You (1943) ::: Young couple Joe and Mary Thompson love each other and their children despite the struggles that they have that are typical of most young couples early on in their married life, such as the basics of trying to make ends meet. But after Joe leaves Mary and their inner city life, she finds an unpostmarked envelope under their apartment door with her name written in Joe's handwriting. It contains a letter explaining why he left. It has primarily to do with his feeling that another part of his life was being left behind for his married life, that other life which consists of a want to travel, especially sail the south seas. The actual impetus to leave was inadvertently fostered by Mary through the birthday present she bought for him. So what actually did happen to Joe and will he ever return to his loving wife? All men, says an off-screen narrator, live in two worlds: the real one of work and bills and family pressures, and the one of their imagination, on a beach or an outrigger, foot-loose. Mary is alone, Joe has left; the children are asleep, but she's tired from the day's responsibilities. She notices that a letter has been slipped under her door - it's from Joe, explaining why he left her. As she reads, we see him on adventures in paradise, in the South Seas. They did love each other: is there anything Mary can do to get him back?
1168 ::: Billy Turner's Secret (1991) ::: Billy's gay. He has a lover, Gregory, but he can't bring himself to come out to his roommate and best friend, Rufus, a macho homophobe who also mistreats Natasha, his live-in girlfriend. When Natasha's sister Evelyn pays an unexpected visit, she catches Billy and Gregory fragrante delicto. Billy tries to buy her silence, but after collecting several bribes, she contrives to force the issue into the open. Rufus's response is just as Billy feared, the friendship ruptures, and then Rufus picks a fight with Nasasha that gets physical. She dumps him. Rufus is bereft and starts to get a clue about himself. Will Billy forgive him?
1169 ::: Behind Those Eyes (2005) ::: Behind Those Eyes provides a magnifying glass into the behind-the-scenes dynamism of Brad Arnold, Matt Roberts, Todd Harrel and Chris Henderson, both on and off the tour. The movie showcases the evolution of the band, and all angles are revealed, from sold-out performances to private moments off-stage, when the visuals are raw, the music uncut, and the energy so real, you'll understand what truly drives 3 Doors Down, and why it has become one of the most explosive rock and roll bands of our era.
1170 ::: Deep Water: The Building of the Catskill Water System (2002) ::: The 45-minute documentary celebrates the history of the Catskill Water System with rare archival film footage and historic photographs. Deep Water tells the story of the building of the Ashokan Reservoir, Shandaken Tunnel, Schoharie Reservoir, and the Catskill Aqueduct. Narrated by Robb Webb (the voice of "60 Minutes II"), Deep Water documents how several Catskill Mountain towns were destroyed and flooded, how immigrant workers built the dams and tunnels, and how brilliant engineering and political maneuvering allowed the system to be built. Historians Bob Steuding and Diane Galusha are featured along with aqueduct expert David Nightingale, NY DEP Commissioner Joel A. Miele, Sr., and watershed residents Eleanor Arold and Bud Eckert. The documentary features original music by Abby Newton, Al Petteway and Amy White, Cindy Cashdollar, Zoe Zak, Artie Traum, Bill Keith, Robbie Dupree, and legendary folk artist John Herald interpreting reservoir work-songs. Deep Water was produced in part by funding from The Woodstock Chimes Fund and The Catskill Watershed Corporation along with individual supporters.
1171 ::: Schönes Wochenende (2006) ::: Housewife and mother Therese Karlen spontaneously breaks out of the family rut one weekend and leaves her snotty teenage daughter Melanie and her son Valentin with her jovial and overwhelmed husband Alois. She travels through Switzerland and to herself with Liselotte, an older lady. Therese, 39, has been slightly depressed, cheerless and plagued by insomnia for some time. She bravely attempts to conceal her state of mind from her two children and her husband. She has been married to the bustling Alois for 18 years. Routine has the couple firmly in its grip. The time has long since passed when there was room for romance and passion. One Saturday, on the way to the dentist, once again tired from a sleepless night, she runs into an older woman, who is luckily uninjured. Liselotte Wildi is a former primary school teacher and likes to imagine her life as somewhat more glamorous than it really is. Therese offers to drive her home, but the short drive turns into an ever longer excursion. While she moves farther away from the family and becomes increasingly relaxed, thanks to the eccentric Lieselotte, Alois faces the full challenge of life at home. A weekend full of adventure, insights and surprises. One weekend, Therese Karlen, wife and mother, spontaneously breaks out of the daily grind and leaves her cheeky teenage daughter Melanie and her son Valentin to her genial but totally overwhelmed husband Alois. She goes on a journey through Switzerland and her inner self with Liselotte, an elderly lady.
1172 ::: "Emma" (1999) ::: Baby Spice Girl 'Emma Bunton' (qv) introduces her selection of musical hits from the past twenty years including some of her personal favorites two of which are Toni Basil's "Hey Mickey", the first record she ever bought, and "Summer Nights" from the film _"Grease" (1978)_ because she always wanted to play the of love-lorn Sandy.
1173 ::: Colorado (2012) ::: This experimental video is a non-narrative composition of light and sound inspired by the historical "Auroratone" films. "Colorado" features the music of Grizzly Bear as a part of a film package that is a special commission for the PopMontreal Music Festival.
1174 ::: Lupo mannaro (2000) ::: Lupo Mannaro, based upon the novel by Carlo Lucarelli, is a psycho-thriller revolving around the police commissioner Romeo who is obsessively convinced that the unsuspected Engineer Velasco, well known and respected in his milieu, is a dangerous serial killer. Romeo together with his determined assistant Grazia Negro and police superintendent Rago starts investigating with the help of the famous criminologist Del Gatto. The commissioner will often find himself in difficulty but won't give up the investigation due to his obstinacy and his strong vocation. The case slowly turns itself into a personal challenge between Romeo and Velasco, with unpredictable moves as well as strategies of defence and attack.
1175 ::: Touki Bouki (1973) ::: Mory, a cowherd who rides a motorcycle mounted with a cow's skull, and Anta, a university student, have met in Dakar, Senegal's capital. Alienated and disaffected with Senegal and Africa, they long to go to Paris and work up different con schemes to raise the money. Mory steals clothing and money from a wealthy gay man who had brought him home, and he and Anta book passage on a ship to France.
1176 ::: Mulgogijari (2000) ::: Ae-Ryun runs a video store called "Sad Movie" on her own. She is a typical Pisces who likes French films and takes an interest in everyone surrounding her. Her best friends are the movies that surround her--and a lonely tropical fish. One day she meets an unusual customer, Dong-Suk, who comes into her store to rent some videos. He loves French movies too. With his beautiful smile, she cannot help her affection towards him.
1177 ::: Railroad Man: The Life and Legend of Jay Gould (2013) ::: Jay Gould's climb to prominence is a tale of rags to riches, the stuff of the American dream. He fashioned one of the Nation's most formidable business empires, and became the most daring and original entrepreneur of his age. Gould was a creator, a self-taught genius investor, who became a financial virtuoso, a bold innovator in corporate law, and a supreme business strategist. All the while, sitting astride two of the most important industries of the day; the Union Pacific Railroad and the Western Union Telegraph Company.
1178 ::: The Vulture's Eye (2004) ::: Lucy and her friends enjoy riding horses in the peaceful rolling hills of the Virginia countryside. On a solo horse ride, Lucy falls from her horse. She is "rescued" by her new neighbor, the Foreign Count "Klaus Vogul". The count becomes obsessed by the sultry Lucy and all of her friends. As Lucy starts behaving strangely and becomes ill, an old-time Southern Doctor is called in to diagnose and treat her. As the Doctor intervenes, Count Vogul attempts to lure them into a wave of living death. Will they all fall prey to the Count's perverse plans? Remember, when death starts looking good, you're staring into the "Vulture's Eye".
1179 ::: John Meade's Woman (1937) ::: John Meade's Woman is a 1937 American drama film directed by Richard Wallace and written by John Bright, Vincent Lawrence, Herman J. Mankiewicz and Robert Tasker. The film stars Edward Arnold, Francine Larrimore, Gail Patrick, George Bancroft, John Trent and Sidney Blackmer. The film was released on February 26, 1937, by Paramount Pictures.
1180 ::: Joe Kidd (1972) ::: Joe Kidd is a former bounty hunter and all-around tough-guy in the American Southwest. When a band of Mexicans find their U. S. land claims denied and all relevant records destroyed in a courthouse fire, they turn to force of arms. Luis Chama is their charismatic leader, spouting revolutionary rhetoric and demanding land reform. A wealthy landowner with interests in the disputed area, Frank Harlan, decides to settle things his own way. He hires a band of killers and wants Joe Kidd to help them track Chama. Initially, Kidd wants to avoid any involvement, until Chama makes the mistake of stealing Kidd's horses and terrorizing his friends.
1181 ::: Attorney at Low (2013) ::: A comedy about two brothers who, with their father, ran a successful law firm. After their fathers death the older brother goes to work for a big law firm and the younger brother revives the family law firm. The two brothers have the ultimate courtroom showdown . Along the way Kevin will find true love and win the case with the help of his misfit team of lawyers and staff.
1182 ::: Fermín glorias del tango (2014) ::: A patient expresses himself using the lyrics and titles of tango songs as a result of a post traumatic stress disorder discovered by a psychiatrist.
1183 ::: My Sister's Last Wish (2013) ::: Lilian finds out more than she bargained for, when she reads the letter of her sister's suicide note, whilst Luke and Lilian are driving back from Holly's funeral. Luke has to overcome his guilt of having given into temptation. Lilian, will never feel the same again...but can she forgive him?
1184 ::: The Millennial Mogul (????) ::: Behind every Reality Star - is their real persona that never made its way to TV, and The Millennial Mogul reveals the unprecedented realities of these entertainers, industry players and more in this fast-paced, Entourage-style docu-series. On a mission to restore communications and update the way the world views Millennials forever, Brand Consultant and Talent Manager to the stars, Aric Kalisi, is building and re-branding a diverse clientele of celebrities, charities, businesses, and entrepreneurs by giving them their very own millennial makeovers with help of best friends and traveling staff.
1185 ::: "Unconventional" (2014) ::: Blind-sided by his business partner ditching him for a gig at Comic-Con, Nate Jacobs must bear the full weight of the "Wrath of Con" comic book convention on his own shoulders. The demands of fanatical costumed fans, prima donna C-list celebrities, and overly demanding vendors are made all the more complicated by the imminent arrival of Red Kincaid, one the giants of the comic book industry (think Stan Lee) and today's special guest. Nate is joined by: Libby, his usually reliable girl Friday and show manager, although their recent late night together may complicate things. Rory and Taz, his audio visual "specialists" could be helpful if they put their film making ambitions on hold, and... "Miss Wrath of Con," Bevin, the convention's hot girl mascot, who always keeps the fanboys coming back. Together, they might just pull this convention off if Ken, the mommy whipped son of the landlord, would just stay out of their way.
1186 ::: "Survival Guide SG" (2014) ::: Vince along with Millions of Americans was laid off. The house he loved, the money he had all gone. Now he and his wife Danielle (Danni) for short, and their daughter Dylan have to re-adjust their lives. Vince is seeking new employment and believes he can make money by blogging, he just doesn't know how. Vince now trying to figure out his new world makes his rules for survival and shares them with the people watching his blog.
1187 ::: Stirring Water (2009) ::: According to Jean Marc Bazil, interpreter, tour guide and self-proclaimed Haitian Sensation, the Haitians have a proverb that says, "I stir water to make butter." With that begins a poetic excursion into the heart of the tumult that is life in present-day Haiti. Employing elements of classic newsreel style, silent era inter-titling, and a bold sound-scape of field recordings, director John Kamys assembles a compelling and thoughtful modern travelogue of the poorest country in the western hemisphere.
1188 ::: Bare Exposure (1993) ::: When Clancy (Westley Scott) has a major problem with the mob because he can't pay a gambling debt, his friends help him out. Brittany (Tammy Parks), Megan (Ashlie Rhey) and Heather (Andrea Suzzane) pull together their friends to re-decorate an old building and make plans to have a wet tee-shirt contest. They have problems with parents, permits and pushy collectors, but the show must go on.
1189 ::: Golddigger! (2001) ::: Jordan Berlin plays too different roles in this bondage feature. In the first segment, she appears as a golddigger who plans to marry a wealthy playboy and then divorce him, taking a huge settlement in alimony. Her father-in-law has different ideas and sends a burly goon to persuade Jordan to leave town quickly. In the second story, a shapely but obnoxious cheerleader is kidnapped, bound and gagged to for an attitude adjustment session.
1190 ::: Spitfire (1985) ::: A strange woman surprises hotel guest Brian. Claiming to be a prostitute, she makes him betray his wife. She then reveals being Lacey, former wife of Senator Victor Kidd. Victor hoped to win the elections but Lacey feared their nymphomaniac daughter Katherine would hurt his "chastity belt" image. Especially as Lacey caught Katherine with the mayor, not knowing Katherine caught Victor seducing his buxom secretary Lulu. Reporters Brenda Gleem and Eddie joined forces on the case, until Eddie saw Brenda with a room service guy. Lacey hired Dr. Roy Vargo for Katherine, but first compensated him after hearing Mrs. Fairchild had him beaten for billing her for their sex. Meanwhile, Katherine seduced Eddie with Lulu joining in. Victor passed out chasing Eddie. Dr. Vargo moved on to Katherine, while Victor got special attention from buxom Nurse Watson. Eddie was then compensated by photographer Shelley, while Dr. Vargo moved on to Lulu. With Katherine finally flashing on live TV, Victor passed out for the last time. Lacey then spiked Katherine's drink and went to blackmail Brian, the political aide who was left with Victor's secret dirty stash of cash.
1191 ::: Death Factory (2002) ::: A woman working at a biological research facility becomes ill when she contracts a deadly, new virus. Sometime after, she becomes a half-monster beast and kills her old co-workers. Some time later, a group of teens go into the old research facility to have a party and come face-to-face with creature. This dark and decrepit factory was once used to make deadly experimental chemicals. One of the workers contracted a grim virus and the company denied any responsibility. The ill worker quit her job once she started to physically mutate. As time went by, she returned to the factory a half-human creature driven mad and craving human blood to survice. In an orgy of bloodshed, she maliciously slaughtered all of ther co-workers. The vile creature disappeare and the factory was shut down. Since then, there have been several disappearances around the area but no proof anything happened. Until now!
1192 ::: Sorry Charlie! (2006) ::: Jenny Rice, a Chicago dog walker arrives to feed and walk Charlie, a client's dog only to find the animal comatose. Calling the dog's vet she is instructed to bring the animal to the emergency clinic by the fastest means possible. Without a car she stuffs the dog into a large suitcase and dashes to the elevated train station. An attractive con artist volunteers to help her carry the bag only to step off the train with it as the doors close. Jenny trapped on board must use all her guile and gumption to recover Charlie.
1193 ::: First Contact (1982) ::: This documentary presents footage of the first contact between the highland tribes of Papua New Guinea, and European explorers. In the 1930s three Australian's, Michael, Daniel and James Leahy were the first white people to venture into the vast New Guinean interior. They searched for gold and found 1 million highland tribespeople who had previously had no contact with the outside world. Amazingly, they took a film camera with them.
1194 ::: Vigathakumaran (1930) ::: Chandrakumar, son of a rich man in Trivandrum is kidnapped by the villain Bhoothanathan to Ceylon. The efforts of his parents to find him do not succeed and Chandrakumar is brought up as a labourer in an estate. The estate owner, who is British, takes a liking to him and in time, Chandrakumar rises to the post of Superintendent. At this time Jayachandran, a distant relative of Chandrakumar happens to come to Ceylon. Incidentally, he is robbed of all his belongings by Bhoothanathan. Stranded, he gets acquainted with Chandrakumar and they become close friends. They come to Thiruvananthapuram where Jayachandran's sister falls in love with him. Meanwhile Bhoothanathan attempts to kidnap her and the duo's timely intervention saves her. A scar on the back reveals Chandrakumar's identity which eventually leads to the happy reunion of the family.
1195 ::: "Carpet Bros" (2008) ::: Brock Raylon, owner and founder of Carpet Galaxy, Rancho Cucamonga's home for discount carpets, has died. It's up to his three sons, Skip Spence Raylon, Xavier Montrose Raylon, and Paul Samwell-Smith Raylon to save the company from the massive debt left by their father. Adding to their woes is the threat of Raymond Davies Allen's desire to take it over. Can the brothers keep it together and preserve the heritage of over fifty years of discount carpet service? Can they ensure shag, plush, cropped, and man-made fiber rugs continue to remain available to legions of Rancho Cucamongians? Check "Y" for "yes" and "N" for "no". Then sit back, relax, and let the Carpet Brothers burrow their way into your cerebral cortex and/or cortexes.
1196 ::: Koirankynnen leikkaaja (2004) ::: Bright young soldier Mertsi suffers a permanent brain injury in the Second World War. In the late 1940s he wanders around the Finnish countryside looking for simple work and relying on other people's help. A workmate, Ville, tells him about his clever Spitz dog back home and the problems with her overlong dew claws. Together with his helpful war buddy Eetvi, Mertsi joins a lumber camp in the middle of a freezing winter, tries hard but finds the work there too strenuous for his body and mind. While he still sees nightmares about the war, in the daytime he keeps dreaming and worrying about the dog...
1197 ::: The Field Trip (????) ::: Downtrodden teacher Richard Digweed is pushed into a weekend of camping and male bonding with his slob of a brother in law - Richard's least favourite person in the world. Their adventures and encounters with the local habitants teach Richard a lot about friendship, family and blow-up dolls.
1198 ::: "Kiniro No Corda: Blue Sky" (2014) ::: Soon after transferring to Seisou Gakuin, Kanade finds the orchestra club in the middle of preparing for the National concur. Teaming up with the other members, she will improve her skills, meet new rivals and create memories for what will become an unforgettable summer...
1199 ::: The San Diego Highwayman (2014) ::: "The San Diego Highwayman" has been rescuing people stranded on the side of the road for 48 years. When he was 16 years old, he drove his car into a ditch. A man came along and rescued him, asking only that Thomas pays it forward one day. Since that time, Weller has rescued thousands of people who were stranded in one way or another. Weller hands them a card that says "You don't owe me a thing. I've been there too. Someone once helped me out, just the way I'm helping you. If you really want to pay me back, here's what you do: don't let the chain of love end with you."
1200 ::: Grab 'Em by the Collar : Joe Strummer & the Mescaleros (????) ::: GRAB 'EM BY THE COLLAR dives headlong into the world of Joe Strummer and The Mescaleros as they feverishly work to create what would be Joe Strummer's final three albums. We follow Joe's creative resurgence from years 1999 through 2002. Until suddenly, The Mescaleros new momentum is derailed by Joe's death in December 2002 mid-recording of what would then be their final album Streetcore.
1201 ::: "Kontraplan" (2005) ::: "Kontraplan" or "Counter Angle" has no limits set to selecting participants or subjects: the show guests will confront their competent views on any chosen segment of public life, sports, culture or international affairs, which has been carefully researched, collectively contributing to a different take on a subject. The show is broadcast live. Its unique feature is that each guest is located in a separate studio in a location that defines their profile, such as their office, home or place of work. One guest as a rule shares the studio with the host to provide an objective, analytical role in the debate.
1202 ::: Corridors (2007) ::: Paul's Super8 films, shot entirely in New York City, channel the blissed out states of color drenched psychadellia explored by Brakage as well as lovely black and white still life's that reminisce on Ozu's 'pillow shots' & Chantel Akermans monumental portrait of Pre-Giuliani New York 'Letters Home'.
1203 ::: Noroi no yakata: Chi o suu me (1971) ::: After a coffin is delivered to a sleepy little Japanese town, one of the locals discovers that its occupant isn't dead yet. Unfortunately, the only witness to the vampire invasion gets bitten, along with several other people in town. Only one woman, Akiko, knows the truth, but even she doubts what she is seeing. Can the village be saved before it's too late?
1204 ::: Straight Face (????) ::: Trying to fit into a new group of friends, a diabetic college girl named Jessie goes back home for the first time in years to film a Ghost Hunters style TV show in an abandoned prison. But when they get locked in and her friends begin to go missing, she has to fight for her life against a psychotic mask wearing killer.
1205 ::: "Where I Live" (1993) ::: The TV series focused around Doug, a student from urban New York, and his 2 friends. Most of the story revolved around their neighborhood, and involved Doug, his family (mother, father, and a younger sister), and his friends.
1206 ::: Dark Blood (2000) ::: Darkblood tells the story of a young man named John and his friends Brain and Billy who think one of their classmates named Lupus is a vampire. Once John catches Lupus putting the bite on his high school crush Katherine. Nobody believes his crazy story, and one by one Lupus kills his friends. John pulls himself together and faces the vampire on his own turf.
1207 ::: Hitching a Ride on Entropy (2015) ::: We knew there was something bigger than just us going on- it was like the whole Universe was on our side. Only later we realized it was because of ENTROPY we ended up taking over the biggest art festival in the western hemisphere. We had created an entropic movement.
1208 ::: El espontáneo (1964) ::: Paco's father, before he died, placed the boy in a hotel as a bellhop. But with 18 years, Paco becomes unemployed. Paco looks then for another job, but for a young unprepared as himself is not easy at all and as a consequence he will go from failure to failure until he decides to take a shortcut to obtain fame and money: to be a matador.
1209 ::: Menekülés Magyarországra (1981) ::: Mail <svaradi@sprynet.com> for translation. A II. vilaghaboru idejen jo nehany francia kapott menedekjogot hazankban. Errol szolnak a tulelok, felelevenitve emlekeiket.
1210 ::: Plan B: Single Women Choosing Motherhood (2009) ::: Romance, love, marriage, family. This is what every little girl thinks of as Plan A for their lives. But in today's reality, many of those girls have grown into women who pursued careers, fell in and out of love and now face the tough question of how to have a family without the other factors coming first. Welcome to the women of Plan B. Intelligent, successful and vibrant, they are choosing to take matters into their own hands, and thanks to an open society and advanced reproductive technologies, they are succeeding. This documentary explores the new social picture single motherhood presents and the reasons this trend is snowballing among women in their thirties to mid forties. This film is edited as a dynamic conversation between fourteen women who never meet but, share a common bond. The film has captured their most intimate thoughts on everything from failed relationships to choosing the perfect sperm donor to the financial and emotional stakes that go along with being a single parent. As the issues of single motherhood unfold so do these characters engaging personalities. Also featured in the film is a sperm donor and a grown daughter of a single mother by choice. Both add their unique and painfully honest perspective on the subject. In what may be the most candid film to date about single moms by choice, you won't believe the hunger for this information and the amount of women considering this path. If you're even a little curious, just ask the single woman sitting next to you.
1211 ::: Strane storie (1994) ::: During a train journey, to please his bored daughter, a father tells her three stories. In the first a man discovers that, because he hasn't payed the air-bill, he can't breath any more. The run to the air-office is full of problems. In the second a lonely woman buys in a supermarket a man marked "tender". When she comes to know that the "product" is out of date, she gives it back furiously. In the third story the natural antipathy between two families, who differ by social status, geographical and cultural origin, becomes worse and worse, until a true war. In the end the train stops in the countryside, the passengers get down curiously, and discover the rest of the "Italicus", a train destroyed by a bomb in the 70's. The true responsibles were never discovered: another weird story...
1212 ::: The Making of a Lady (2012) ::: 1901:- Poor but intelligent Emily Fox Seton accepts a marriage proposal from the older Lord James Walderhurst,a widower pushed into providing an heir by his haughty aunt Maria,Emily's employer. It is an arrangement for them both - in James' case to stop the family home passing to James' cousin Alec Osborn and his Anglo-Indian wife Hester. However affection soon grows between them but James is posted to India with his regiment and the Osborns come to stay with Emily,telling her James sent them to look after her. But they have lied and Alec's alarming mood swings brought on by illness threatens Emily's pregnancy and drives the staff away. Soon Emily realises that the couple is up to no good.
1213 ::: Visions of a New World (1995) ::: This Video Special covers eight people's "vision of a positive" future. Hosted by Marsha Masion, Ted Danson speaks of originating the American Oceans Campaign. Dennis Weaver speaks on new building techniques, and constructing his home in Colorado out of recyclable materials. Louise Hay speaks on Self Healing and Aids. Native American Indian, the late Sun Bear, speaks on Mother Earth and it's future. Ram Dass speaks about the 60's, Timothy Leary, and Eastern Religions. The late, Willis Harman represents the Noetic Foundations work. Barbara Marx Hubbard speaks on her books and Bucky Fuller. Jach Pursel channels spiritual teacher Lazaris with a concluding guided meditation.
1214 ::: "Les Pays d'en Haut" (2016) ::: L'histoire nous replonge ŕ la fin du 19e sičcle, dans cette période historique du peuplement et du développement de ces contrées du Nord. La série dramatique évoque les défis de la colonisation de ce 'Far West' québécois en abordant, sans compromis, les manigances de Séraphin, les efforts incessants de colonisation du Curé Labelle, les enjeux politiques et le rôle de l'Église, le destin imprévisible de personnages hauts en couleurs, dont le trio passionnel formé par Séraphin, Alexis et Donalda. Inspirée de l'oeuvre de Claude-Henri Grignon.
1215 ::: Siccîn (2014) ::: Öznur is a young and beautiful woman. She has had a platonic love since childhood to Kudret, who is her cousin. Kudret, however, is married to a woman named Nisa and is very happy. Jealous, Öznur uses terrible black magic to change this so that she and Kudret will be together. However, she is not prepared for the evil that this spell unleashes. Öznur, who has the meaning of the notebook in which the sins of the kafirs are recorded in the sense of the word, has been the subject of Kudret's wife Nisa's enchantment and seizure of Nisa to become the son of the beloved aunt since childhood. Because of the curse that uses this insanity, Nisa and everyone in her blood will die in five nights.
1216 ::: Memphis International Film Festival 8 (2008) ::: A compilation of films screened at the 2007 Memphis International Film Festival 8. Featuring clips from ManiaTV! with CJ Megan. Short Films: Making Do by Mary Tucker Karma Cafe by Eben Kostbar Short Documentary: Messenger by Gary Beeber Short Animation: Idea Development by Dane Webster Music Video: Lost by Meetu Chilana
1217 ::: Grey Fear (????) ::: Grey Fear follows a close group of pro-surfers searching for an adventure off the beaten track as they fly into a cluster of islands in the south pacific. There they discover a secluded break and once in the water several great white sharks that begin to ravage through the stranded group. Now they must endure unimaginable horror in an epic battle to survive if they are to even make it out of the water alive."
1218 ::: Endendigu (2015) ::: The story revolves around Krishna (Ajai Rao), and his wife Jyothi (Radhika Pandit). Krishna, who has developed a software program to help the farming community sell their products easily, takes Jyothi to Sweden as per the advice of an astrologer. She has a nightmare involving a series of tragic events. Strangely, those events repeat themselves in real life. They meet with an accident. Will the nightmare come true? The climax offers some nail-baiting moments.
1219 ::: After the Promise (1987) ::: Elmer Jackson is a carpenter in a small Californian town in the 1930s. Struggling to bring up 4 young boys after the death of his wife, he is horrified when the Government (citing trumped-up charges of parental neglect) places the boys into various foster homes and institutions, unaware of the abuse that boys would then be subjected to. The conditions imposed by the court and the difficulties caused by the Depression make Jackson's determined and vigorous quest to find his boys extremely difficult.
1220 ::: Light the Darkness (1991) ::: Musical and documentary appeal to the world community to enforce the Geneva Convention and the ideals stated in it. The programme fuses images of the live open air concert held in the Avenue of Peace, Geneva, featuring the London Chamber Orchestra and other stars, and film from around the world of images of war and suffering throughout the 20th Century, focusing on the 7 humanitarian issues: orphans of war, child soldiers, refugees, prisoners, civilian casulties, separation of families, and, torture.
1221 ::: Isabel Allende (2003) ::: Join host John Jacobsen in the lush Marin County home of Isabel Allende, the most widely-read writer in the Spanish language. John Jacobsen delves between the lines to reveal Allende's disarming sensuality and joy for life amid the personal losses and challenges that have made her work so irresistibly multi-layered.
1222 ::: New World Order: The Conspiracy to Rule Your Mind (2013) ::: New World Order: The Conspiracy to Rule Your Mind chronicles how the ruling elite have established global domination and the ability to effect the thoughts, decisions, and world view of human beings across the globe by systematically infiltrating the media, academia, industry, military and political factions under the guise of upholding democracy. Learn how this malevolent consortium has dedicated centuries to realize an oppressive and totalitarian rule through any means necessary, not limited to drug trafficking, money laundering, terror attacks and financial crisis within the world economy. Worldwide tyranny is already in full effect, the food we eat and the air we breathe are not off limits. Will we be able to stop this madness before we become an electronically monitored, cashless society wherein ever man, woman and child is micro chipped? The New World Order is upon us - preserve your liberty by being PREPARED!
1223 ::: Le rocher d'Acapulco (1995) ::: Sandrine dreams of becoming a singer in Paris but for the time being she is only a salesgirl at Tati's and lives in a second rate hotel under the careful eye of Ahmed, the night watchman. One day, she meets Gérald, her brother's former boyfriend, who persuades her to move into his apartment. He soon takes control over Sandrine's life, organizing erotic rendezvous for her, taking her to her clients and waiting for her until she is through with her task...
1224 ::: What's Up Nurse! (1978) ::: When Dr. Robert "Sweeney" Todd arrives to fill his post at a new hospital, he is shocked to see the lengths that the nurses go to in caring for their patients. Of course Dr. Todd is no prude, and it isn't long before he's joining in on all the lusty, after-hours fun.
1225 ::: The Love Flower (1920) ::: A man murders his wife's lovers, escapes with his daughter to the South Pacific. A detective pursues him, joined by a young man who eventually falls in love with the daughter.
1226 ::: "Rewrapped" (2014) ::: The chefs attempt to recreate Swiss Miss Triple Chocolate Dream Pudding, but one of the competitors seems poised for disaster with their overuse of white chocolate. Later, the Innovate Round features coleslaw dressed with the velvety snack.
1227 ::: "How to Hate Yourself" (2015) ::: An international self-hate coach teaches people how to hate themselves more deeply than they ever thought possible. She's like a Tony Robbins, for self-hate who leads workshops around the world to help celebrities and regular people find personal freedom through self-hate. In this series, the premise is that she's finally releasing her amazing "self-hate" video series for public consumption.
1228 ::: The Miracle of the Cards (2001) ::: "The Miracle of the Cards" is based on the true story of Marion Shergold and her son, Craig, an eight-year-old English boy who had a brain tumor. Several events convinced Marion that God was leading her to a cure for Craig and that the get-well cards he was receiving had the power to keep him alive, so she launched a worldwide campaign to break the Guinness record for receiving the most get-well cards. At the time, the world record seemed an impossible 1,000,265, but Craig received over 350 million cards from all over the world. Against the advice of her doctors, Marion followed one of those cards to America for Craig's miraculous cure.
1229 ::: "Snúcar Beo: The Northern Ireland Trophy" (2006) ::: Live coverage of The Northern Ireland Snooker Trophy in which 32 of the world's top ranked players compete at the Waterfront Hall in Belfast. With interviews and analysis from snooker legends including Ronnie O'Sullivan, Steve Davis, Terry Griffiths, Ken Doherty, Steven Hendry and John Higgins.
1230 ::: A School Poltergeist (2015) ::: 4 best Friends get into some deep trouble when they try proving a Ghost may actually Lurk around their school hallways at night. Hearing from stories, the ghost comes out when everyone has left. The four friends sneak in, their lives turning into nightmares.
1231 ::: Goodnight Ladies (2015) ::: Goodnight Ladies is a 35 minute documentary short, shot on super 16 mm, that tells the story of the world's most famous fox hunter, Nancy Penn Smith Hannum and the legacy she left behind. Breaking every bone in her body over a lifetime of fast horses and big fences, her granddaughter Christianna captures this wild huntress before she is gone. The only other filmmaker to film Nancy Hannum was Alfred Hitchcock who heard of this equestrienne when making Marnie and came to Pennsylvania to find her. Goodnight Ladies is the tale of a modern day Artemis, an ancient sport and the struggle to protect a kingdom she inherited.
1232 ::: The Hills Have Eyes (2006) ::: While celebrating their 50th wedding anniversary, a couple are caravanning through the desert with their 3 children, son in law and their baby granddaughter. While the rest of the family agrees there are plenty of better and more appropriate things to do to celebrate an anniversary, they make do with what they have, but things take a turn after a sketchy gas station attendant informs them about a "short cut" that will take them in between a series of hills in the desert. It doesn't take too long before they realise they're not alone and the hills indeed do have eyes. Wes Craven produces this remake of his 1977 classic of the same name, about the Carters, an idyllic American family travelling through the great American southwest. But their trip takes a detour into an area closed off from the public, but more importantly from society. An area originally used by the U.S. Government for nuclear testing that was intended to be empty...or so they thought? When the Carter's car breaks down at the old site, they're stranded...or are they? As the Carters may soon realize that what seemed like a car casually breaking down, might actually be a trap. This trap might be perpetrated by the inhabitants of the site who aren't pulling a prank, but are out to set up a gruesome massacre.
1233 ::: Campfire Tales (1997) ::: A group of teens, stranded in the woods after a car accident, entertain themselves by telling classic horror stories. What follows is a series of eerie tales that include monsters, psychopaths, and ghosts, and that remind you that things aren't always what they seem. While driving in a dangerous zigzag manner on a lonely road in the night, the teenager Cliff has a car accident with his friends Lauren, Alex and Eric. While spending the cold night stranded in the woods around a campfire, they kill time telling ghost stories. In "The Honeymoon", the couple Rick and Valerie travels in their RV to Las Vegas in their honeymoon. Rick takes a shortcut to visit the Clayton Caverns in the night, but the stranger Cole advises them to leave the spot since dangerous creatures attack people in the full moon. In "People Can Lick Too", on the eve of her twelfth birthday, Amanda tells her Internet friend Jessica that she is alone at home. However, Jessica is actually a psychopath. In "The Locket", the biker Scott is crossing the country on his motorcycle. When he has a problem with his bike, he finds an isolated house where the gorgeous dumb Heather Wallace lives with her father. When the man returns from his herd, Scott finds the truth about Heather.
1234 ::: Sold (1915) ::: The story is of two artists, one a success and the other, although with far greater ability, lacks the funds with which to make the connections that contribute toward success. Both love the same woman, who selects the poor artist as her husband. Through a long period of stress and financial difficulties she emerges with the determination to aid her husband financially. On a visit from the rich artist to their home, he admires a painting of her husband's for which she had posed in the nude. The rich artist explains that he requires just such a model for the completion of a painting upon which he has been at work, "The Harem Market," and that he would be willing to pay thousands of dollars for her services. Later, the wife, in order to obtain the money with which to assist her husband, visits the rich artist, tells him she was her husband's model, and that she will accept his offer. In time, the husband learns of her act, and entirely misunderstanding her motive, denounces her as a false wife. How his faith in his sacrificing wife is restored, and how the dawn of a new life brightens before them is tenderly unfolded in the photoplay.
1235 ::: Aliens vs. Titanic (2017) ::: Offering only the finest amenities, the 'TITAN 1C' space-cruiser is considered the most luxurious star-liner ever built. However, a sudden meteor storm smashes into the hull, and a deadly biological alien life-form is let loose on the ship.
1236 ::: Love in Shenzhou (2013) ::: Is it possible to revive a relationship that ended five years ago? Da Wei (Wang Zheng) is a successful designer working for a large corporation in Shenzhou. When Xi Xi (Chen Wei Jing) comes looking for him one day, it brings back memories of their past. Although they broke up five years ago, Xi Xi now wants to get back together.
1237 ::: Burzynski (2010) ::: Ph.D biochemist, Dr. Stanislaw Burzynski, won one of the largest legal battles against the Food & Drug Administration in U.S. history. Dr. Burzynski and his patients endured a treacherous 14-year journey in order to obtain FDA-approved clinical trials for a new cancer-fighting drug. His groundbreaking medical and legal battles have brought revolutionary cancer treatment to the public. Upon completion, his treatment will be available the world over - sending a shock wave through the cancer industry.
1238 ::: "Muteki Robotoraida G7" (1980) ::: Teenager Watta Takeo, after his father's death, inherits the family's space transportation company, also becoming its President. The company uses the mighty robot Trider G7, piloted by Watta himself, for the transportation activities, with the help of a crew: Mr. Kakikoji, accountant Kinoshita and Atsui the mechanic. Anyway, since the Earth is threatened by the crimes of Lord Zakuron and his robot monsters, Watta will have to fight against them with the help of the Trider G7 and its powerful weapons.
1239 ::: Lisa Rinna Dance Body Beautiful: Ballroom Body Blast (2008) ::: Lisa Rinna Dance Body Beautiful is the hip new workout method created and choreographed by Dancing With the Stars competitors and fan favorites Lisa Rinna and Louis Van Amstel. Encompassing totally unique routines that are fun and easy to follow, you can do these body blasting workouts anytime. NO PARTNER NEEDED! You don't need to be an expert to follow the routines. Each workout begins with an easy to learn breakdown of the dance. You'll start with a slow version, then medium, then a body blasting fast session that will leave you feeling like a dancing star. So get up! Get moving! It's the most fun you'll ever have losing weight, getting fit and dancing your way to a beautiful new body! DANCE WORKOUT INCLUDES Warm up; 1. Jive, Jam and Kick; 2. Hot Salsa Burn; 3. Samba Blast; 4. Disco Dream Body; Cool down.
1240 ::: Voices Beyond the Wall: Twelve Love Poems from the Murder Capital of the World (2017) ::: In the winter of 2012, Spencer Reece, an award winning American poet and Episcopal priest, came to live at Honduras' only girls' orphanage for a year. On a Fulbright grant to teach the girls poetry and help them create a book of their own work, he found himself immersed in a profoundly challenging environment. His attempts to teach the girls were largely rebuffed- poetry is too difficult, personal, and boring they insist. At the end of Spencer's year, a book of the girls' poems has taken shape and he returns to the United States to edit and publish it. The writings are moving and complex, operating both as emotional touchstone and an inspiration for the mosaic structure of the film itself. The range of subjects are varied but return often to the nature of love and family, the pain of betrayal, and the mothers they lost or never had. Always a central back-drop is the frightening world that awaits them outside the thick steel gate. This film, like the poems within it, opens a door to an intimate universe. Voices will be heard, clearly and at long last, by a country that had no place for them and a world that, until now, has turned a deaf ear. For in the histories and hearts of these girls resonate quandaries that have drawn poets for millennia and are no less vital today. And in their emerging voices and lives there is something else revealed: a hope and a challenge; that the world might be home to us all.
1241 ::: From Fire: An Odyssey of Glass (2007) ::: What makes a petite 5.5 ft women choose an artistic path in life which is so physically challenging that internationally the art form has become a male-dominated arena? This visually arresting film takes you on a spiritual journey with sculptor Marlene Rose as she materializes her artistic expression.
1242 ::: Ground Rules (1997) ::: "Battle Ball," high-powered motorcross teams equipped with metal claws, protective armor, and a caged car which is used as the moving goal--has risen in prominence to become San Francisco's most coveted underground gambling sport.
1243 ::: All Men Are Enemies (1934) ::: All Men Are Enemies is a 1934 American drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and written by Lenore J. Coffee. The film stars Helen Twelvetrees, Mona Barrie, Hugh Williams, Herbert Mundin, Henry Stephenson and Walter Byron. The film was released on April 20, 1934, by Fox Film Corporation.
1244 ::: Wild California (2000) ::: This exciting trilogy focuses on the daring people and amazing landscapes that make the Golden State a playground for Adventurers, Dreamers, and Risk Takers. The series includes original segments as well as behind-the-scenes footage and outtakes from MacGillivray Freeman's IMAX film called Wild Adventures in California.
1245 ::: Shauna Grant: The Early Years (1988) ::: Appearing in a superb array of scenes, interviews and clips from some of her best XXX performances - Shauna gives us a glimpse into this superstar in the making! An intimate portrait of this sexually blossoming lady is showcased in scenes with Richard Pacheco, Eric Edwards and more - attesting to her timeless beauty as well as her undeniable classic appeal.
1246 ::: They Call Her Lady Fingers (The Betty Loo Taylor Story) (2003) ::: From 3-1/2 year-old child prodigy to Hawaii's consensus "First Lady of Jazz." This is the story of Betty Loo Taylor, otherwise known as "Lady Fingers." Betty's unorthodox life and career wends from musical family darling to budding young concert pianist; from strip joint key-pounder to R&B "comper"; and from fledgling jam session "blower" to leader of her own esteemed trio gracing one of Honolulu's world-class hotels. According to those who know her best, she is tough, unique, a full orchestra, an icon, a rascal, a character... oh yes, a Chinese-American Jazz Musician.
1247 ::: The Mississippi: At the Tipping Point (2011) ::: By clarifying the problems of the Mississippi, in this film scientists, religious leaders, environmental activists, politicians, and the media focus on ecological questions facing the world's third largest water system. Should coastal areas be abandoned or defended? Is global capitalism compatible with a habitable planet? What lessons were learned from Hurricane Katrina? And is there a way that religion help save the planet? Though the Mississippi River plays a key role in the American economy, the forces of human progress and the forces of Nature have always been in conflict. Humankind's goal is for economic growth and prosperity, and for this we have shackled the river with dams to produce electricity and irrigation, built levees to protect from flooding as well as straight channels to facilitate navigation. With each new imposition on the river for our benefit, however, Nature has fought back and we've paid the price later: Now we are dealing with wetland loss, hurricane damage, ecosystem collapse, flooding, pollution, dead zones in the Gulf, toxic spills, and human ill-health. How can we sustain the Mississippi and those who depend upon it? This film offers invaluable clues.
1248 ::: WWE: Rey Mysterio - The Life of a Masked Man (2011) ::: For the first time ever, Rey Mysterio, perhaps the greatest high flyer in the annals of sports entertainment, sits down and discusses his historic career in never-before-seen interviews. Mysterio shares his thoughts on his relationship with Eddie Guerrero, his WWE arrival, his ascent to World Champion, the future, and more.
1249 ::: Psycho Wedding Crasher (2017) ::: Since she started working as a dressmaker for her Aunt Daisy, Jenna has seen dozens of brides getting happily married in her gorgeous wedding gowns. Jenna longs to have a white wedding of her own and to find a handsome man who will take her away from her abusive Aunt. When Jenna meets bride-to-be Marci and boyfriend Glenn, she realizes Glenn is the man of her dreams and now she will stop at nothing to have him all to herself and to make her dreams come true - even if she has to kill the bride.
1250 ::: Troublesome Creek: A Midwestern (1995) ::: Troublesome Creek is the acclaimed story of the Jordan family's gamble to save their Iowa farm. From fighting the Crooked Creek Gang in 1867 to fighting off the bank today. An Oscar-nominated cliffhanger about history, humor and the unsettling of America.
1251 ::: Kenjac (2009) ::: It is 1995. The summer when the war operation Storm will take place. Boro, who is going to be forty in a year and a half, with his wife Jasna and son Luka goes to his home village Drinovci, Herzegovina, after seven years. He wants to see his brother who managed to leave Sarajevo with his family. Boro knew that his brother was wounded, but when he sees him after many years, he discovers that the brother will spend the rest of his life in wheel chair. Boro constantly fights with Jasna, and he doesn't speak at all to his father Pako, whom he blames for his mother's death. In two weeks in August 1995, Boro will solve the years long dispute with his father, he will learn to be a better husband and a father.
1252 ::: House of Little Deaths (2016) ::: Eight women wake up every morning, get dressed, eat, put on make-up, do their hair, dress up and get ready for a grueling, demeaning night of work. They're the staff at a brothel outside a major American city, serving the spoiled, rich, entitled and curious. House of Little Deaths spends a week with women who've been reduced to objects in the eyes of everyone outside the house.
1253 ::: Unknown Legacy (????) ::: The story of Johann Trollmann, a larger than life character that against all odds won the German middle weight boxing title in 1933 despite the Nazi's persistent attempts to stop him. As Germany's most popular boxer he takes up the fight against the regime.
1254 ::: Name (2018) ::: After growing up in an orphanage, Kara - who has a natural ability for boxing, finds out the identity of her father; recently retired heavy weight boxing champion Frank De Angelo. As they take the steps to forge a relationship, Frank who is bewildered by his retirement, finds a new zest for life in his daughter. Under Frank's instruction, Kara soon dominates every fight she is entered into. Frank doesn't only become the mentor and father that Kara has always needed to become a champion, he gives her something far more valuable, a family Name.
1255 ::: Benavides Born (2011) ::: Luz Garcia, a high school student in a forgotten Texas town, wants something different than the options awaiting her after graduation. She's earned a ticket out with admission to the University of Texas at Austin, but she can't afford to go. Her one shot is a scholarship for winning the State Powerlifting Championship. It's all or nothing for Luz...until nothing stares her in the face.
1256 ::: Kimchi Warrior 2D Feast of Fury (2011) ::: The Kimchi Warrior animation series is a unique blend of martial arts, comedy, and the promotion of good health. The Kimchi Warrior obtains supernatural strength by consuming the most prominent Korean dish, Kimchi to defend mankind from the world's most notorious diseases (i.e. The Swine Flu, Mad Cow Disease, Malaria, SARS etc.) Each episode a new "disease character" is summoned by Evil Lord of Disease to wipe out mankind. Under the tutelage of the clairvoyant Kimchi Master, the Kimchi Warrior is sent to fight and ultimately annihilate the disease with a different "ingredient weapon". It's very entertaining and educational for children. It is also advocates good nutrition to everyone, since Kimchi is deemed one of the healthiest foods in the world.
1257 ::: A Gang for Good (1992) ::: Narrated by Academy Award winner F. Murray Abraham, A GANG FOR GOOD looks at the last self-governing "junior republic" in this country. The 6 to 18 year old citizens of the Boys Brotherhood Republic (BBR) elect their own mayor and city council, and administer their own police and court systems. Located on New York's Lower East Side, one of America's toughest neighborhoods, these youngsters learn self-esteem and discipline while they campaign for office and vote, legislate and enforce their own laws. Centered around a mayoral race, the film introduces these young people and their families and demonstrates the positive impact the BBR - currently facing extinction - has had on their lives. A GANG FOR GOOD is an eye-opening introduction to the potential of the junior republics to deal with the problems today's children face growing up in a violent society.
1258 ::: Past Life (2016) ::: The year is 1977, and no female has ever been a renowned classical music composer. Sephi Milch, a very determined and talented young woman, aspires to a career as a classical composer, but she knows the odds are against her. In spite of this, she is dead set on changing the course of history and succeeding in the male-dominated classical music world. Her struggle with the burden of history is not only limited to her artistic life - as the daughter of troubled Holocaust survivors, she also has to deal with a sudden revelation from the past that threatens to tear her family apart. Nana Milch - Sephi's older sister and bitter rival, a scandal sheet journalist and an aspiring playwright - considers this startling revelation an opportunity to free herself from the stranglehold of her parents' past. Sephi is weary of her sister's tendency to look for trouble, but in this case she has no choice but to join Nana's quest for the truth. 1977 is the year Egyptian president Sadat decided to break the shackles of history and bravely embark on a peace process. In many ways this is exactly what the two sisters need to do, as they travel throughout Europe, bent on uncovering the past and getting to the truth behind their parents' darkest secret. As the two are inevitably drawn into an emotional roller coaster ride, they discover that freedom bears an exacting price, as does the struggle to liberate one's unique artistic voice. Past Life tracks the daring late 1970s odyssey of two sisters - an introverted aspiring classical musician and a rambunctious scandal sheet journalist - as they try to unravel a shocking wartime mystery that has cast a dark shadow on their entire lives.
1259 ::: A Traffic Controller on Crossroads (1986) ::: Although probably not initially intended for foreign audiences this movie captures a quaint slice of North Korean society through the eyes of a recently promoted captain named "Un Suk" who is responsible for Post #15. Since working there she has noticed two specific drivers who appear to have little regard for traffic regulations. The first is a man named "Gyong Chan" who drives a van for a wholesale food distributor. The other driver goes by the name of "Nam Chol" and he happens to be the chauffeur for the head of the countries research institute. As it so happens Gyong Chan is stopped by Un Suk for careless driving and given a ticket even though he is unofficially helping Un Suk's mother at the time. However, Gyong Chan doesn't know that Un Suk is the daughter of the woman he is helping and she isn't aware that her mother asked Gyong Chan for a favor. Meanwhile, while Un Suk is issuing a citation to Gyong Chan in her office a subordinate guard brings in Nam Chol for speeding. Once again there are special circumstances with this particular person and Un Suk as well.
1260 ::: "Mahô shôjo neko Taruto" (2001) ::: Taruto is a little cat who has just moved to a new city with her master's family. Taruto spends her days making friends and trying to help people with her rather unpredictable magic. And it turns out that Taruto just might be a legendary magical princess! But if she has to go back to her kingdom how will she ever be able to leave her beloved friends and master?
1261 ::: Homo sapiens (2016) ::: The images could be taken from a science fiction film set on planet Earth after it's become uninhabitable. Abandoned buildings - housing estates, shops, cinemas, hospitals, offices, schools, a library, amusement parks and prisons. Places and areas being reclaimed by nature, such as a moss-covered bar with ferns growing between the stools, a still stocked soft drinks machine now covered with vegetation, an overgrown rubbish dump, or tanks in the forest. Tall grass sprouts from cracks in the asphalt. Birds circle in the dome of a decommissioned reactor, a gust of wind makes window blinds clatter or scraps of paper float around, the noise of the rain: sounds entirely without words, plenty of room for contemplation. All these locations carry the traces of erstwhile human existence and bear witness to a civilisation that brought forth architecture, art, the entertainment industry, technologies, ideologies, wars and environmental disasters.
1262 ::: St. Bernard Parish: After the Flood (2006) ::: In August of 2005 hurricane Katrina slammed into the Louisiana coast. St. Bernard Parish, a proudly spiritual and tightly knit community which borders New Orleans' 9th Ward, became the first county that has ever been completely destroyed by a natural disaster. Out of 27,000 homes and businesses only five were left undamaged by the storm. Over one year later piles of rubble and debris still line the parish streets and only forty percent of the community has returned home. Residents live off of their dwindling savings in FEMA trailers as they suffer through the bewildering process of picking up the pieces of their lives. Meanwhile the town council struggles through the grueling process of obtaining relief money for the parish and the people who love it. The money is slow in coming and there never seems to be enough and yet, the council refuses to give up the fight. This is the untold story of the undying spirit of a community starting with nothing but determined to rebuild against all odds.
1263 ::: Tarda estate (2010) ::: In an astronomical observatory, images of the stars Vega and Altair are projected. A female voice tells the legend of two unlucky lovers who were condemned to live apart on opposite sides of the Milky Way. Once a year, however, on the seventh evening of the seventh moon, they can finally meet in the sky. Kenji is a sixty year-old Japanese journalist who has been living in Italy for many years. After having some medical tests done, he discovers that he is sick. Meanwhile, the editor of the newspaper where he works assigns him a story on Japan, where he hasn't been in the past thirty years. When he arrives in Tokyo, while visiting his elderly mother, Kenji remembers the sad story of Noriko, the woman he once loved, who waited in vain before her death for him to return. One night, in his hotel room, Noriko's ghost appears to him and the two remember the happy times they spent together. The next morning, Kenji leaves for Kyoto. His thoughts are increasingly distant from his work. In the inn where he is staying, he meets his sixteen year-old niece, Yuki and a friendship spontaneously arises between them. They decide to take a short drive. After a break along the shore of the lake, the two continue on towards the sea...
1264 ::: L'inspecteur connaît la musique (1956) ::: Harry Louis is a jazz clarinetist ,obsessed by his art :he would like to match Sidney Bechet ;the famous musician tries to give a piece of advice to his fan who ,accidentally, kills him in a fit of anger.With the help of his mistress,Muriel, who has witnessed the scene ,Harry does away with Bechet's dead body.But ,during this gruesome trip, Muriel is accused of being responsible of a road accident.The insurance company sends a young man ,Laurent, to investigate.
1265 ::: Uccelli d'Italia (1984) ::: The movie consists of a number of short sketches based on the Uccelli d'Italia album by the Italian demential group Squallor. Among others, we see a strange encounter between Judas and Jesus, a Brazilian surgeon who dances the samba on the work floor...
1266 ::: Jesse James Presents: Austin Speed Shop - Headers (2011) ::: In this first volume of his long awaited How-To series, the master builder, Jesse James shares his unparalleled expertise and talent with the guys from Austin Speed Shop - a timeless car shop that honors old world craftsmanship. For his first project, Jesse takes two bright-eyed builders under his wing and teaches them how to make one-of-a-kind headers for his 32 Ford Roadster. Throughout the hour, Jesse shares his mad fabricating skills and gives you inside access to his new beloved city and the new shop he calls home.
1267 ::: Stepping High (2013) ::: STEPPING OUT Sima, while stunningly beautiful, has failed to fulfill her dreams as a professional dancer. She is on the wrong side of thirty, being aged out, and is forced to take a job as a teacher at a conservative local high school. Much to her surprise, it sparks the choreographer in her-a talent she has been nurturing in private not only to battle her self-doubt and depression but to create a new and unique fusion of belly and ballroom styles. As one who throws her heart and soul into everything she does, her life inevitably entwines with those of her students, a diverse group of teens, both in the classroom and outside it. Sima becomes re-energized. She opens the kids' eyes and minds to dance as a powerful tool for social change. Not everyone likes her progressive ideas. When she introduces them to her belly-ballroom style, tensions escalate. Race, class, culture, teen romance, Sima's personal failures in her relationship with her parents and her boyfriend, all of which has been building silently, intersect for an emotional explosion! Yet the only way out is for Sima and her students to perform her controversial dance on the biggest stage to a hostile audience in a volatile, charged climax that is a powder keg on a short fuse.
1268 ::: The Yellow Tomahawk (1954) ::: In Wyoming Territory, army Major Ives and his men are building a temporary camp. The civilian surveyor, Mr. Keats is making preparations for the construction of a large permanent fort. However, the future fort is being erected on Cheyenne lands, in defiance of the treaty. Adam Reed is a self employed scout with friendly ties to the Cheyenne. Upset about the construction of the new fort on their lands, the Cheyenne ask scout Reed to contact Major Ives and deliver their message of grievance to him. The symbolic message consists of a yellow tomahawk as a warning against the building of a new fort in the area. Reed delivers the warning message to Major Ives but he is not taken serious. Major Ives lectures Reed about the need of bringing civilization to the lands that otherwise would go to waste under the savages. Reed retorts that Major Ives' only duty is to escort wagon trains of settlers passing through Cheyenne territory rather than build new forts in violation of the treaty. Reed also mentions the fact that Major Ives has a bad reputation with the Cheyenne who call him 'the Butcher' because of past massacres committed against Indians. Major Ives refuses to heed Reed's warnings, calls Reed a traitor and orders him to remain in the army camp to prevent him from returning to the Cheyenne. Reed obeys but warns everyone in the camp of a major Cheyenne attack. Major Ives orders the hurried construction of a reinforced defensive compound. Also in the camp are the families of the soldiers, a Mexican scout and his Indian squaw, the fiancee of one of the officers and a gold prospector who just happened to arrive there. Major Ives' determination to stay and defy the Cheyenne is not all due to his patriotism and courage. The Major also hides a terrible personal secret.
1269 ::: "Barley Charlie" (1964) ::: Joan and Shirley Muggleton are two sisters who inherit a run-down roadhouse/garage from their Uncle Ted in the fictitious locale of Frog's Hollow, located on the Hume Highway between Sydney and Melbourne (Australia). They also inherit Charlie Appleby, a lazy mechanic Charlie Appleby played by Edward Hepple.
1270 ::: Tokyo Vacations (2016) ::: An average Japanese employee takes 7 days of vacation per year. In 'Tokyo Vacations' we meet five ordinary people in colorless offices who tell us about their best vacation memories. Underneath it all lays the question: how much of our lives do we dedicate to work?
1271 ::: Unthinkable, Unsinkable: Discovery Examines the Costa Concordia Disaster (2012) ::: It looked like something conceived on a Hollywood soundstage but for the 4,200 passengers on board the Costa Concordia the events of Friday, January 13th were all too real and terrifying. Now, Discovery Channel will dissect the anatomy of this devastating disaster at sea in a world premiere special airing this spring. What happened at the time of the accident? Just what role did Captain Francesco Schettino play? How did the crew evacuate the ship? What are the mechanics of searching the site while safeguarding the waters against environmental damage? And what lies next for the massive, unprecedented salvage mission. Discovery goes beyond the breaking news and current headlines exploring whether salvage teams will even be able to save the ship and successfully dismantle its once mighty hull and frame.
1272 ::: One Wild Winter: Surviving Avalanches (2013) ::: The winter of 2012 was one of the coldest, longest and busiest on record in the Scottish mountains. It was also one of the deadliest, with 14 lives lost as extreme weather and a series of lethal avalanches hit the Highlands. Blending dramatic archive material and footage recorded by people who live, work and play in this environment, this film reveals what really happened on the mountains and shows how a major meteorological phenomenon helped shape what was truly a unique winter.
1273 ::: Happy 95 Birthday Grandpa (2009) ::: A fleeting memory of a (fictional) celebration. Crafted with a daring sense of dislocation, the film spirals from the dancers, drunks and gossips, and settles on a boy, coming of age, unsure how to balance his desire to fit in as a bully and an indescribable desire for a stranger. He's torn between this cruel sexually-charged teenage world, and the suddenly confining comforts of being a child in an adult world, with his family, his sister, a slice of cake at a party.
1274 ::: Judge Mujrim (1997) ::: Judge Pratap Sinha is a renowned judge who does not pass judgement by sitting down on the judge's chair but he himself investigates and bring the criminals to their fate. This worshiped of law has a wife Sujata who is a very famous lawyer. He also has a sister who is a brave police officer. The city's Mafia Don D.V.M's brother Jaggi commits a gruesome murder of a lady journalist Bharti. He is arrested and tried by judge Pratap Sinha who passes a death sentence on Jaggi. One day while judge Pratap was going to the court he sees Sunil stabbing one man to death. With Pratap as witness he tells Ashwini to arrest Sunil, who gets shocked because Sunil is her lover. The court sentences Sunil to death. In jail Sunil meets notorious criminal Mangal, who is Pratap Sinha's enemy. Before Sunil is hanged, D.V.M. tells judge Pratap that Sunil is innocent and that D.V.M. himself had trapped Sunil. Judge Pratap is stunned as if a lightening had struck him. To save the respect of the law Pratap has to break the law. He runs away with Sunil from jail. Behind judge Pratap and criminal Sunil, are the full police force from one side and on the other is D.V.M's henchmen. Did Sunil prove his innocence? What happened to D.V.M. in the end? Justice Pratap Sinha lives in Bombay, India, with his wife, Sujata Sinha, and an unmarried sister, Ashwini, who is a police inspector. One day while going to Court in his car, he sees a young man kill another with a sword in broad daylight, and escape. Sinha contacts the police, agrees to be an eye-witness to the killing, and assists in drawing a picture of the assailant. The killer turns out to be Sunil, who is arrested, found guilty, and sentenced to be hanged. It is then Sinha finds out that the killer cannot be Sunil, but will he be able to move fast enough to prevent him from getting hanged?
1275 ::: Blue (2017/IV) ::: The industrialization that has occurred in the oceans over the last century, mirrors the events that triggered mass extinctions on land. Industrial scale fishing, habitat destruction, species loss and pollution have placed the ocean in peril. The very nature of the sea is being irretrievably altered. BLUE is a provocative journey into the ocean realm, witnessing this critical moment in time when the marine world is on a precipice.
1276 ::: The Johnstones: Get on Board (2010) ::: INCLUDES: Live performance of The Johnstones sold out show at The Mod Club that saw five costume changes and choreographed dance moves captured by five cameras and recorded and mixed in HD. Also included in 'Get On Board' are an unplugged session at the Gibson showroom, tour diaries flipping through the good, the bad, and the in jail of their life on the road, music videos (including the never seen before 'Gone For A Long Time') and a series of their best viral videos to date. Talk about bonus features!
1277 ::: "Pearl" (1996) ::: Pearl is a mature woman from modest up-bringings. When she realizes she missed out on a lot, she decides to go back to college, in spite of her grown son's protests. She makes a bunch of new, but weird, friends and is constantly in conflict with her snob philosophy professor.
1278 ::: Abhishek (2003) ::: It is a story about a family who took singing as a part of life not as a profession. Dhiren Chakraborty lived with his sons and wife. Dhiren Chakraborty lost his younger child when he was singing in a concert. As a result he took promise from his elder child Abhi to not to sing anywhere. Abhi grew up and went to Kolkata with a distant relative for further studies. Alaka a childhood friend of Abhi who lived in Kolkata loved him a lot and aware of his singing talent. She forced Abhi to take singing as a career. One day Alaka faced a problem while singing in a function. Abhi rescued her by his own voice. As a result, everyone came to know about his hidden talent. Abhi was getting offers from different places, but the promise pulled him to sing. One day he got a chance in radio and his father came to know about his singing and became very angry. After some dramatic incidents, his father insisted and requested him to sing and Abhi took singing as a part and profession of life.
1279 ::: Casa de Remolienda (2007) ::: It is the fifties and Nicolasa, a widow, has an isolated life in the hills with her three handsome and sturdy young sons who have never seen electric lighting or any modern life facility. Nicolasa is still young and filled with cravings for affection. She decides to visit her sister Rebeca, who she has not seen in 20 years, so that her sons can get a glimpse of the world, find love and get married.
1280 ::: The House of Seven Corpses (1974) ::: A director is filming on location in a house where seven murders were committed. The caretaker warns them not to mess with things they do not understand (the murders were occult related), but the director wants to be as authentic as possible and has his cast re-enact rituals that took place in the house thus summoning a ghoul from the nearby cemetery to bump the whole film crew off one by one.
1281 ::: Fitzroy Lodge (2012) ::: Located under the arches of Waterloo station, for over 100 years boys have gone to the Fitzroy Lodge to discover the essence of their masculinity. Here, we see the club in action and remember Mick Carney, MBE the "thin...stylish, handsome dog" at the heart of the Fitzroy Lodge who sadly passed away last year.
1282 ::: Boy Meets Girl (1938) ::: Two screenwriters in a rut come up with a story idea starring a bankable cowboy and the baby of the studio's waitress. A Hollywood film studio in receivership and courted by a British outfit has all the signs of being run as a madhouse by Elliot Friday. To complete the image, screenwriters Law and Benson pretty well run rampant over the lot. When canteen-girl Susie is found to be pregnant they hatch the idea of making her expected baby a new star. Owner B.K. starts to realise this is no way to run a railroad.
1283 ::: Bonsai Warrior (2015) ::: A several hundred year long tradition and a young man challenging its boundaries. 'Bonsai Warrior' follows Masashi Hirao a Bonsai Artist who trained at the world famous Bonsai Garden 'Mansei-en'. After his Master died he decided to make it his life goal to give Bonsai a new and young makeover and show the world a new side to Bonsai. Even though the other Masters at the Mansei-en disapprove his goal, he sets off on a World tour promoting his Art. This Documentary shows the highs and lows he encounters during his trip as well as the challenges he faces back in Japan.
1284 ::: America is Still the Place 2015 (2015) ::: In 1971, two oil tankers collided beneath the Golden Gate bridge, spilling one million barrels of crude oil into the bay. The only thing uglier than the environmental devastation, was the institutional racism that poisoned the town and the clean up effort. Based on true events.
1285 ::: The Book of Pooh: Stories from the Heart (2001) ::: Part of The Book of Pooh series, which offers preschool kids simple life lessons and scholastic pointers, The Book of Pooh: Stories From the Heart uses puppetry and computer animation to tell Christopher Robin's imaginative tales. Kids join Christopher Robin, Winnie the Pooh, Piglet, and Tigger for an afternoon of storytelling and lesson learning.
1286 ::: Menjek/Maradjak: A holland epizód (2016) ::: We share the land but how do we share our feelings about who we are? The short documentary Leave/Stay is dealing with the question. Shot in the four main cities of the Randstad (Amsterdam, The Hague, Utrecht, Rotterdam) the movie gives you a quick look inside of the life of some very different but still -profoundly- same person. A young artist who is expecting her first baby in Rotterdam, a Dutch -soon to be- wife who is speaking fluently Hungarian, or a freshly arrived boy who lives for the first time of his live outside his home and his homeland, just to mention few story line of the documentary.This movie is not "only" about how to be a Hungarian abroad. This movie is about how can we live together, in this fast changing 21st century.
1287 ::: Night of the Dolls (2014) ::: It's been 20 years since the Sheriff's Department made the gruesome discovery in the basement of the Brookhurst Sanitarium. Unspeakable crimes of freakish experiments performed on female patients at the hands of the sick and demented monster, Dr. Graves. Kari, the lead singer of the all girl punk band The Lolita Dolls has been obsessed with the story about his victims since childhood. After receiving a mysterious e-mail, Kari befriends a 'Fan' online who invites the Band to the Sanitarium to film a video for a song off of their new CD, Fallen Angels. With the help of a Van and their friends Lenny and Steve, the Girls set out on a punk rock road trip of a lifetime, only to discover that the legacy of terror hidden behind the walls of the Brookhurst Sanitarium is far from over.
1288 ::: "Academy Theatre" (1949) ::: Started as a summer substitution program for the "Chevrolet on Broadway" series. This program, produced by Amherst dramatics professor Curtis Canfield featured relative unknowns performing in thirty-minute stage productions of works by such well-known authors and playwrights as Thornton Wilder and Robert Finch.
1289 ::: A Broad Way (2007) ::: The story of filmmakers as diverse as the streets they are documenting, join New York's most creative storytellers as they embed themselves in the chaos to tell the story of a block. Utilizing the largest film permit ever issued in New York City, A Broad Way chronicles this massive collaborative event showcasing the filmmakers, the stories and the characters in one hour, in New York City.
1290 ::: The Pie's the Limit (2000) ::: A video celebration of the Biotic Baking Brigade (BBB) and the Global Pastry Uprising - Featuring a cornucopia of political pie-throwings in San Francisco and beyond, including a brief history of consumable comedy and behind the scenes interviews with underground pie-tossers. Plus! Corporate media analysis and in-your-face politics.
1291 ::: Casa Vieja (2010) ::: Based on the classic Cuban piece The Old House by writer Abelardo Estorino, the film tells the story of Esteban, who returns home after a 14-year absence when he learns of the imminent death of his father. Residing outside of his native Cuba he re-encounters a past that is almost intact. Secrets, old grudges, misunderstandings, and intolerance leave him to stay in a home where time seems to have stood still.
1292 ::: Timon of Athens (2009) ::: Set in modern day San Francisco (Athens), Timon is a flamboyant playboy, who has become famous in the big city for his kinky parties, and the lavish gifts he bestows on artists, merchants and adoring friends. When Athenian Senators close in on Timon and his soldier friend, Captain Alcibiades, they quickly learn how deeply money can corrupt politics and friendship. Timon retreats to the wilderness to live as a misanthropic beast. There in the Athenian forest, Timon finds what he was least expecting: gold. But is it too late for revenge?
1293 ::: Ready, Jet Set, Go: The Making of 'Ocean's Twelve' (2014) ::: This documentary looks at the European junket that formed the core of the first Ocean's sequel. One gets the sense of a not-so-hidden agenda to respond to the frequent criticism that the cast and crew were so busy having a good time that they forgot to make a good movie.
1294 ::: Little Queen's Gambit (????) ::: Captain Jake Hawking is up to his typical behavior, no good, when on one particular mission he encounters a woman like never before. A slave, being forced to work on the islands, with a fire and spirit the like he has never known. Reluctantly at first, Captain Hawking helps the young woman, and soon there after trouble starts to brew. Will this be the end of the Broadwing and her crew, or will Little Queen prove she has what it takes to be a pirate.
1295 ::: Nuclear Crisis: Planet Earth (2017) ::: Are we on the verge of a nuclear holocaust? Political tensions are at an all time high and with North Korea and Iran nuking up it's even more of a concern as Nuclear accidents via human error or machine malfunction continue to occur and cyberterrorism is a top concern for national security. As if that's not enough, there is evidence of unknown craft being responsible for the disarming of ballistic missiles with a technology beyond our comprehension. Are we facing the potential demise of our own civilization, or could forces beyond our control be playing an end game with a sinister agenda for the human race?
1296 ::: Sarvadhikari (1951) ::: An ambitious minister (Nambiar) with designs to topple the puppet king (Pulimoottai Ramaswami) finds the popularity of the commander-in-chief (Nagaiah) and his favourite soldier (MGR) a stumbling block. He sends a young woman (Anjali Devi) to seduce the soldier, but she falls in love with him. After several twists and turns, the evil minister is exposed and felled in an exciting duel with the hero. The commander is chosen as the first president of the kingdom, now a republic!
1297 ::: "Detective sweet" (2016) ::: Something strange happened after an autistic girl is involved in a car accident. Su Tang (Chen Xiao Ping) survives the crash only to realize that her brain has developed to an extremely high intellectual level and all of her senses have become so powerful that she is able to observe and detect the minutest details. Su Tang begins to use her newfound powers to help the police solve the most difficult or bizarre cases.
1298 ::: Ruins of the Reich: The Occupied Territories (2003) ::: The search of the Nazi Ruins continues in part three with a visit to the former occupied territories of Poland and France. The tour makes stops at in Warsaw at the former Warsaw ghetto, Gestapo headquarters, Pawiak prison and the massacre site in the Palmiry Forest just outside the city. Then it's on to Cracow with a visit to the Jewish war time ghetto, Oscar Schindler's factory and the Palczow Labor camp. After stops at severla major forts along the Maginot line and several major sights in Paris, the tour continues with an in-depth look at the AtlanticWall gun batteries and the U-boat pens along the French coast. Other features includes Napolean's tomb, L'Armistice Compiegne and Hitler's personal tour of Paris.
1299 ::: Window Work (2000) ::: A woman drinks tea, washes a window, reads the paper- simple tasks that somehow suggest a kind of quiet mystery within and beyond the image. Sometimes one hears the rhythmic, pulsing symphony of crickets in a Baltimore summer night. Other times jangling toys dissolve into the roar of a jet overhead, or children tremble at the sound of thunder. These disparate sounds dislocate the space temporally and physically from the restrictions of reality. The small home-movie boxes within the larger screen are gestural forms of memory, clues to childhood, mnemonic devices that expand on the sense of immediacy in her "drama." These miniature image-objects represent snippets of an even earlier media technology- film. In contrast to the real time video image, they feel fleeting, ephemeral, imprecise.
1300 ::: Return to 'Giant' (2003) ::: Legendary director George Stevens comes to west Texas to film Edna Ferber's novel, GIANT. He casts the biggest box office draws of the day, Elizabeth Taylor and Rock Hudson, then for excitement brings in the newcomer, James Dean. They load up the trains, planes and automobiles and live in Marfa, Texas during the summer of 1955 to film a classic. However, unlike most location shoots, they live among and mingle with the townspeople, and cast many of them as extras. It's a true tale of what happened when Hollywood rubbed up against small-town Texas, and the stories are both funny and poignant. It also features the late Dennis Hopper in his only on-camera recollections of shooting GIANT.
1301 ::: "Deliriously Fabulous Vegas" (2017) ::: The hilarious Ester Goldberg brings Las Vegas to the world for the very first time in a brand new series. Sin City has the biggest stars, biggest shows, biggest nightclubs, biggest pool Parties, best restaurants, best fights, the best of everything 7 days a weeks 24 seven. Deliriously Fabulous Vegas is the first show to bring the ever changing Entertainment Capital of the World every week.
1302 ::: Eviternity (2003) ::: In an effort to escape an over-protective mother and build his own life, Ryan Gillis is thrown into a strange journey. On this journey, he unwittingly uncovers spirits who challenge him to make decisions that he's not prepared to make: What is the true value of money? Who can you trust? His fear of failure and judgment propel him and new-found friend, Kadie, into dealing with something they've never known before, EVITERNITY, a place where you stop living by chance. The only problem...you can't get there alive.
1303 ::: "Zee Music TV SKY" (2000) ::: Sorted, a dazzling show in which the beautiful yet comedic presenter, Sofia Hayat, travels the hottest night spots in the UK, to find the funkiest parties and the craziest people. Anything can happen. A celb filled show that takes you on to the red carpet where Sofia has interviews stars like Angelina Jolie and Colin Farrell, to the toilet attendant in the VIP rooms!
1304 ::: Horizon (2016/II) ::: Set in Sydney, a vibrant, colorful backdrop for a thriving, yet largely unexplored GLBTIQ community. Our entry in to the world is innocent 19 year-old country boy Jake who comes to the city to meet 28 year old AJ after months of chatting online. Things turn pear-shaped when AJ is exposed as a serial cheater and absolute sex addict. Despite the debacle, Jake decides to stay in the city with the support of caustic drag queen, new best friend and flatmate, Wilma Bumhurt. Jake and AJ decide to 'try again' but AJ soon cheats with Jake's closeted school friend Micky, who is visiting the city with his girlfriend Millie. Meanwhile, Wilma's Christian mother Yvonne is appalled to learn her estranged son, Dennis, is now a drag queen. When Wilma's father dies unexpectedly, Wilma is banned from the funeral but later says goodbye in her own and very memorable and touching way.
1305 ::: Wessyngton Plantation: A Family's Road to Freedom (2014) ::: In 1796, Joseph Washington, a distant relative of our first president, purchased sixty acres in Middle Tennessee for tobacco farming. Eventually covering 13,000 acres, Wessyngton Plantation would thrive off the blood, sweat and tears of hundreds of African Americans. Unlike other plantations only two slaves were ever sold from Wessyngton, resulting in several generations of enslaved family members living and laboring together. As a child, Author John F. Baker Jr. was mysteriously drawn to a photo of Robertson County slaves in his middle school textbook. When his grandmother explained that he was looking at his great-grandparents, he became obsessed with their story. In 2008 his book "The Washington's of Wessyngton Plantation" was released. The culmination of more than thirty years of research, it details the lives of hundreds of his family members. Baker spent decades combing through countless family and state archives, researching birth and death records, and conducting dozens of interviews with relatives and historians. Wessyngton Plantation: A Family's Road to Freedom brings to life this deeply moving story of pain and perseverance.
1306 ::: 8: The Mormon Proposition (2010) ::: In 2009, thousands of LGBT citizens are denied almost 200 civil rights their straight, married counterparts enjoy through civil marriage. Some states have signaled progress. But amid the progress, The Mormon Church, with its front-group THE NATIONAL ORGANIZATION FOR MARRIAGE, has been coordinating, financing and leading the effort to stop the advancement of marriage equality for more than three decades. As an organization worth hundreds of billions of dollars, the Mormon Church has been able to wage this war in secret. Not until the California Fair Political Practices Commission launched an investigation into the Mormon's involvement in Proposition 8, did the secrets of the Mormon effort become a matter of record. Through never-before seen documents, recordings & insider-interviews, 8: THE MORMON PROPOSITION, exposes the efforts of the Mormon Church and its members to halt nearly every piece of LGBT legislation on the desks of lawmakers from Hawaii to New York. 8: THE MORMON PROPOSITION makes these efforts a matter of record and challenges viewers to demand more of government officials in requiring religions more transparency in their efforts to influence public policy. Emmy-award winning journalist and documentary filmmaker Reed Cowan is a former Mormon who served a two-year mission door-to-door for the Mormon Church. His access to high-level Mormons & Mormon communications on the matter, coupled with his OUT status as a gay man and father of two adopted sons has provided a compelling and at times shocking look at the Mormon way of doing business against LGBT people.
1307 ::: Despair (1978) ::: Germany in the early 1930s. Against the backdrop of the Nazis' rise, Hermann Hermann, a Russian émigré and chocolate magnate, goes slowly mad. It begins with his seating himself in a chair to observe himself making love to his wife, Lydia, a zaftig empty-headed siren who is also sleeping with her cousin. Hermann is soon given to intemperate outbursts at his workers, other businessmen, and strangers. Then, he meets Felix, an itinerant laborer, whom he delusionally believes looks exactly like himself. Armed with a new life insurance policy, he hatches an elaborate plot in the belief it will free him of all his worries.
1308 ::: Mi-hwark-in mi-haeng-mool-chae (2005) ::: A nun full of curiosity happened to see a flying saucer in the middle of Zen-meditation. Since then she have expected to see the UFO again at the mountain ridge. But one day master priest scolds her fruitless curiosity. That night she bathed in a pond halfway up the mountain. At that moment, there have been two spectators peeping her... One is a master priest, the other is an alien... What are they doing there at the same time?
1309 ::: A Perfect World (2012) ::: Art Robinson is running for Congress in Oregon's fourth district against 13-term incumbent Peter Defazio in the 2012 election. Robinson is a nutjob that publishes his bizarre theories from his survivalist compound. This film contains pieces from Robinson's publications and shows what a Perfect World would look like, through his eyes.
1310 ::: Jennie (1940) ::: A brassy young lady, concerned with the outmoded ways in which her German-immigrant father runs his shoe-cobbling business, convinces his staff to go on strike. They do just that, but when their boss pretends to have a heart attack, the situation gets out of hand.
1311 ::: The Bodhi Wave (2017) ::: Situated on Southern Pacific shore of Costa Rica, the small community of Bahia Ballena is at a watershed moment. Through exploration, personal stories and nature, The Bodhi Wave tells the incredible journey of Travis, Pilar, Adrianne and Gibran, who escaped the 9-5 and created a different way to preserve the oceans, spread environmental awareness and conduct responsible business.
1312 ::: Orisiya (1983) ::: This is a screen version of the short story 'Dervish Seed' from great Bulgarian writer Hikolai Haitov. The action takes place in an old-time village in the Rhodope mountains. A boy grows up in a mountainous village. To make sure that the 'dervish seed' of their clan will be preserved, his relatives decide to arrange a marriage for him. His fiancé is a beautiful girl. The Boy is hardly 14 when he is married off to a girl he sees for the first time on his wedding night. The young people fall for each other, but they are still kids, unable to cope with hardships all by themselves. Neither has yet emerged from their childhood and simply gets carried away by childish games, so that the morning the bride is still the maiden she was before. The girl's brothers strike a bargain with a neighbor and swap their sister for two goats. A rich man, who also is setting his affection upon the girl, pays off a ransom and takes the girl off. Years pass by. Both the boy and the girl have families of their own, yet their hearts are in agony for good. Torn between hatred for his rival and his love, for 40 years the Boy is destined to see his beloved busying herself in the neighboring garden. But towards the end of the film when her husband is taken ill, he gives her a hand in tending the man who has broken his life. Love has vanquished the barbaric wish for revenge. The primitive consciousness of the character has evolved to a higher level of humane thinking. In fact, this spells the film's main idea: though one may not find happiness, one can still fulfill the higher purpose of one's life.
1313 ::: A Dama de 18 (2016) ::: A feast of pity. An angel. A demon. A girl. Protection, truth, memories, drugs, sadness, fury, pain and balloons. The musical revolves around visual elements that clash with the performance of Catrina, a young woman trapped in a place that is said to be her eighteen-year-old party.
1314 ::: Ladies Tailor (2006) ::: Chander is the only tailor in his colony. Though talented, he is very lazy. He dreams of becoming big and live like a king. Chander meets a fortune-teller who informs him that he has Rajyog and that he should marry a Padmini jati girl with a mole on her right lap. His search for the right girl takes him to a yoga teacher, a widowed doctor and an unmarried girl. But to his dismay he finds none of them matches his requirements. Finally when he finds the right girl, he is in a dilemma. The three girls want to marry him at any cost. Now, he finds himself sandwiched between three girls and Radhika. Chander is a tailor who lives in a small town in India, who dislikes hard-work and would like to live a rich and wealthy lifestyle without making any effort. He consults an Astrologer, who tells him that he indeed has a wealthy future, provided he gets married to a girl with a mole on her right thigh. Assuming this to be an easy task, a delighted Chander goes about making dresses for young women all round the community in order to find out if they do have a mole at the right place. In this process he meets with four attractive young women, namely Radhika a school-teacher, who teaches him English; Jassi, a Sikh, who is madly in love with him; Dr. Flora, a Catholic, who is willing to become a Hindu after marriage; and Gayetri, who belongs to a poor Bengal family. Chander's overtures are not gone unnoticed by the community, especially Jeeva, who is the brother of Janardhan, who is serving time for having chopped off a man's arms after he was caught sexually molesting a woman in this community. Watch what happens when Janardhan's mentally challenged sister, Gauri, gets pregnant, and Jeeva believes that Chander is responsible for her plight.
1315 ::: O Veneno da Madrugada (2005) ::: The old servant and chronicler Dom Sabas tells how his desolate South American town is the scene of a ruthless power struggle. The landowning Assis family, reduced to a widow and son, tries to hold out against the young, despotic mayor. No less effective then actions are anonymous rumors and accusations, which often stir the inhabitants' moves.
1316 ::: Wolfe (2018) ::: One night, Andie, figurehead of a four friends group, plans out her death in front of all her relatives. Through a broken monologue, Andie reveals her deep thoughts about each person she has harmed. This staging destabilizes the group and questions the links previously made. While each member of the gang tries to regain control of the group, both emotionally and physically, a fifth person interferes from the outside and comes to stir up chaos.
1317 ::: "Spirit of the Art" (2006) ::: The six part (6 x 23 minute) series Spirit of the Art explores the renowned art collection of Father Dan Donovan. Presented by Donovan himself, the series casts a spotlight on this unique collection of "spiritual" contemporary Canadian art: its origins; its dramatic themes; and the modern ways in which each piece draws inspiration from the traditional religious imagery of various faiths. In addition to presenting the works of over 30 artists in the collection, Spirit of the Art profiles Roland Poulin, John Hartman, Ted Rettig, Simon Glass, Leopold Plotek, John Brown, and Sarah Nind at work in their unique and varied "studios".
1318 ::: Vse umrut a ya ostanus (2008) ::: One Monday morning Katya, Vika and Zhanna learn that there will be a school disco, their first disco, on the coming Saturday night. The girls feverishly start preparing for the event, which rapidly becomes the most important moment ever in their universe, and looks like the ideal way to escape their daily lives...
1319 ::: Bicho de Sete Cabeças (2000) ::: A trip to the mental institution hell. This odyssey is lived by Neto, a middle class teenager, who lives a normal life until his father sends him to a mental institution after finding drugs on his pocket. The marijuana cigarette is just the final drop that exposes the family tragedy. Send to a mental institution, Neto gets to know a completely absurd, inhumane reality in which the people are devoured by a corrupt and cruel institution system. The documentary type language used by the director give this movie a sensation of realty that increases even more the impact of the emotions Neto goes through. In the mental institution, Neto is forced to mature. The transformations that he goes through change this relations with his father.
1320 ::: Extramaterial (2016) ::: A weak woman in the role of a victim; a rough, brutal man who carries out orders of gruesome murders; a hoarse mafioso; car chases. Pictures and events few have seen in real life but which everyone knows from the world of film. In 2012 the filmmaker Maximilen Van Aertryck was invited to make a film about the feature film Salvo. Extra Material follows recording sessions with the critically acclaimed Italian mafia film, which won awards in Cannes in 2013.
1321 ::: Guest of Cindy Sherman (2008) ::: Videographer Paul H-O must confront issues of ego and identity when he begins a relationship with the reclusive Cindy Sherman. With unprecedented access, the documentary places us in the company of the artist and offers a critique of the ever-inflated New York art market and the culture of celebrity.
1322 ::: "Krogzilla Gets a Job" (2012) ::: Krogzilla and Marcus apply for a job at a pet store, where Krogzilla is upset by what he perceives to be the enslavement of other reptiles. He sees the other animals as food though, and eats all of the birds in the store, ruining the interview.
1323 ::: The Akaschich Prophecies (2018) ::: A thriller wherein a successful businesswoman at a major corporation realizes she is surrounded by corruption. Her decision to fight it costs her dearly. She has started the company's downfall in an extraordinary way . Concept by Rose Hart.
1324 ::: Agatha Christie: A Life in Pictures (2004) ::: Biopic of sorts about Agatha Christie, the famed mystery writer. The story is told in flashback and from Christie's point of view at two distinctly different times in her life - one through the sessions she had with her psychiatrist after her famous 11 day disappearance in 1926 and the other through recollections she give at interviews with journalists on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of the West End run of her play The Mousetrap. Christie had a free and open childhood, shattered somewhat by the death of her father. As a volunteer nurse, she met her first husband, Archie Christie. Much of the film deals with her disappearance in 1926 which came about following her husband's request for a divorce which would allow him to marry the woman with whom he had been having an affair. Her psychiatrist concluded that she had been in some type of fugue state and that her loss of memory was genuine. She eventually re-married, spending much of her time with in Syria and Iraq with archaeologist-husband Max Mallowan, to whom she was married for 46 years. She continued to write eventually producing 86 novels with an estimated 2 billion copies in print. In December 1926, best-selling mystery writer Agatha Christie suddenly vanishes, leaving her husband Archie with no clue as to her whereabouts. After ten days, she is discovered by a journalist staying in a hotel in Yorkshire under a false name. Subsequently she remembers (or claims to remember) nothing about her activities during this time. She visits a psychiatrist, who uses hypnosis in an attempt to get to the bottom of her apparent amnesia. She tells him about her early life: her middle-class childhood, experiences during World War One and courtship by the charming but faithless Archie.
1325 ::: Mr. Timothy (????) ::: It's Christmas season and Mr. Timothy Cratchit, not the pious child the world thought he was, has just buried his father. He's also struggling to bury his past as a cripple and shed his financial ties to his benevolent "Uncle Ebenezer" by losing himself in the thick of London's underbelly. Timothy's life takes a sharp turn when he discovers the bodies of two dead girls, each seared with the same cruel brand on their upper arms. The sight of their horror-struck faces compels Timothy to become the protector of another young girl, Philomela, from the fate that the others suffered at the hands of a dangerous and powerful man.
1326 ::: The Cropsey Incident (2017) ::: A group of online social justice activists venture deep into the woods to uncover the truth behind a recent series of gruesome ritual murders - and to capture the person responsible. But what they come face to face with is something more deadly than any serial killer, an urban legend that is very real, and determined to make them his latest victims.
1327 ::: Monumento (2016) ::: In 1996, Law No. 24.636 was passed, establishing the construction of the National Monument to the victims of the Jewish Holocaust at the Shoá Square in Buenos Aires City. In 2009, the Secretariat of Culture of Argentina called for tender for the construction of the monument, which was eventually awarded to the architects Gustavo Nielsen and Sebastian Marsiglia. The purpose of the documentary film "Monument" is to give an account of different stories in order to eventually come up with only one statement: the need to keep the memory of one of the most atrocious events in the history of humanity alive.
1328 ::: The Vengeance Trail (1921) ::: Rambunctious cowboy Big Boy Bronson's antics get under his father's skin, and ranch hands Larson and Powell's efforts to make him look bad don't help matters. Things turn serious, though, when Bronson has to prove that he's not involved with a string of cattle thefts--actually being done by Larson and Powell--and a bank robbery he was unwittingly lured into by the pair.
1329 ::: Terror (1978) ::: Royal descendants feel the wrath of the curse of condemned witch Mad Dolly, who spews forth her prophecy while she is burned at the stake. The victims suffer death by having their heads removed in various fashions, getting their limbs caught in animal traps, knife wounds, and other methods of medieval torture.
1330 ::: Alexa (1989) ::: Alexa is very attentive to her customer's requests, but soon realizes that prostitution has limited long term career potential. She meets Tony, a scriptwriter who is writing a piece on prostitutes. Alexa falls for him, and decides to leave the profession. But her pimp has other ideas.
1331 ::: The Deepest Truth of Human Existence (2002) ::: Beside the Ganga River in Rishikesh, India, Eckhart Tolle talks about the deepest truth in human existence. Talks "about" is right - because words are not the truth, says Tolle. They can only be about the truth; they can only point to the truth. But they are not the truth, which is why Tolle asks us to listen to the gaps in his words as well as to the words themselves. Do we know ourselves? Some of us think we do. But what we really mean, says Tolle, is "I know a lot about myself." We know facts, information; we know the contents of our minds. But that does not mean we know ourselves. Tolle's meditation on the truth brings up the subjects of psychoanalysis, celebrity, the ego, the symbol of the Christian cross, overeating and other things. But no things are his true subject. Nothing is. The truth is not in the words, but the gaps between them.
1332 ::: Aladdin from Broadway (1917) ::: James Fitzgerald, an antiquarian, receives a letter from England that he has fallen heir to the title and fortune of his deceased brother. He leaves his Armenian wife and daughter in the care of Abu, a servant. An uprising among the Turks ensues and Mrs. Fitzgerald and the child are taken captive. Returning, Fitzgerald, with Abu, the servant, goes in pursuit. The only thing remaining of his home and wife is a small prayer book. Fitzgerald goes to Mecca to avoid capture, and hides the prayer book in a recess in the wall. Several years pass. Jack Stanton hears Lord Fitzgerald exclaim that it is impossible for any white man to emulate the feat that he did years ago. Stanton claims that if an Englishman could enter Mecca, an American could to it too. A bet is made whereby Stanton is to go to Mecca and, unaided, bring back the prayer book hidden by Fitzgerald. Stanton arrives at Mecca, disguised as a pilgrim. His father was the American Consul at Damascus in Stanton's youth, and his knowledge of Arabic is good. He finds the prayer book, but an Arab named Sadi steals it during the night. Stanton follows Sadi to Damascus. In Damascus Fitzgerald's daughter is living in the care of a presumed stepmother named "Light of Life," who contracts with Amad, a rich diamond merchant, to deliver Faimeh, as she is called, to him as his wife. The marriage takes place in spite of Faimeh's protestations. Amad utters the triple Moslem sentence of divorce, and she is again free. Amad is still desirous of having her, but under the Koranic law, cannot remarry her until she has been married to another man and divorced by him. With El Sabbagh he goes to find a man. They find Stanton, and he is inveigled to do as they ask. Through the lattice work Stanton and Faimeh are married, but Stanton gets a glimpse of her face and refuses to pronounce the triple divorce. A fight ensues and Stanton finds himself with his wife in a walled garden. They make their escape into the desert. There Stanton disguises Faimeh as a boy and himself as a Jewish story teller. Amad and El Sabbagh in pursuit, with Sadi, who has the prayer book in his possession, overtakes them but do not recognize them. A suspicion enters Sadi's mind and he returns and spies on them. Stanton discovers him and a fight ensues in which Sadi is knocked unconscious and Stanton recovers the prayer book. Stanton and Faimeh leave on Sadi's camel and meet Fitzgerald, who is on his way to Damascus. Fitzgerald takes Faimeh with him, but Stanton goes on alone, as the agreement in the wager is that he shall not accept assistance from any Christian. Amad and El Sabbagh find Sadi, who tells them about Stanton and the girl. They start in pursuit, and during a sandstorm Amad is separated from his companions. Stanton has taken refuge behind his camel and Amad stumbles upon him and crawls under the same blanket that is protecting Stanton. The storm abates. Amad tries to kill Stanton, who finally gets the upper hand, and when he has Amad in his power his pity for the older man grows and he finally compels him to get on his camel, divides the water and tells him to be on his way before he changes his mind. In Damascus, Fitzgerald, through the jewels Faimeh wears, discovers that she is his daughter. Faimeh and Fitzgerald search for Stanton and meet Amad, who tells them about his self-sacrifice. Days later a sun-blistered man, almost out of his mind, staggers into Fitzgerald's apartment. There he sees Fitzgerald and Faimeh in an attitude of endearment and taking a mistaken idea from it, utters the triple divorce and then falls in a faint. Faimeh nurses him through a long siege of brain fever, and on his recovery explains to him the reason for the occurrence that he has witnessed. After a time, back on Broadway, Fitzgerald settles his wager and a Christian marriage is performed.
1333 ::: Paranoid Activity 2 (2011) ::: Three college friends move into a small rental house in the middle of a cold and dark Alaskan winter. During a house warming party, a psychic medium calls forth a ghostly presence that increasingly becomes hostile toward the three. With very few options on the table, they must decide to confront the hostile presence, or die.
1334 ::: "Death by Numbers" (2017) ::: In a city where chaos and anarchy go hand and hand, a seasoned serial killer returns to sink his city further into darkness with his new followers but Jaden, a teen who will stop at nothing to fight for what's left of his home, leads his friends to an abyss of the unknown to save the people of Vallejo.
1335 ::: Vito Bonafacci (2011) ::: Vito has a fatal heart attack as he is exiting the front gate of his stately home. Upon death his mom confronts him, making it clear, via a lengthy diatribe, that his existence was one of the material realm of sensual gratification - money, power, status and pleasure seeking- rather than that which is transcendent, thus he has been condemned to eternal death. Eventually we discover that this death experience was a dream, which greatly unsettled Vito, precipitating him to seek the truth relative to life's purpose, and the afterlife. Vto has periods of contemplation and dialogue with the housekeeper, barber, gardener, and his wife in search of answers - Is there such a place as heaven? Does Hell exist? Am I a good person? etc. Vito's soul searching includes a flashback to his youth listening to his grandfather speaking to him about eternity. In the midst of this quest for truth, as Vito is driving down the driveway about to exit the front gate, it occurs to him that his day is repeating itself as in the dream. Certain events of the morning...such as him making a demeaning comment to Mike, who is washing Vito's Porsche, were precisely as they were in the dream - "his dream was becoming his realty." Frightened that if he continued to go through the gate he would, like the dream, have a fatal heart attack, and be condemned to eternal death. Frantically he returns to his house, prays and has an edifying flashback to his youth, in which death, which is currently crippling with fear, is being discussed. In a state of angst he calls for his friend, Father Dellos, asking him to come to his home. Upon arrival the the priest counsels him about the events of this "strange" morning, and hears his confession. Finally, Vito makes a third and final journey down the driveway. Vito lived the American dream and thought all was well until he discovered through a near death experience that his American dream was actually an illusion and what was important is what he didn't have, rather than what he had, thus leading him on a soul searching journey to understand life's purpose and a renewal of his Catholic faith.
1336 ::: A Love (????) ::: Eli, confused about love his whole life, tries to figure out what true love is. After a horrific event tears the family apart, it takes 10 years, and a death in the family to bring them together. Confusion and hatred bring up haunting memories from the past and terrible revelations.
1337 ::: The Kois: Fish Out of Water (2009) ::: The ups and downs of teen life are magnified by an all-girl high school rock band, led by reserved music prodigy, Shayna McAllister. School bullies "Phat Boy" Jonson, a white rap star clone, and acid-tongued web-blogger Kelly Billings, 'have it in' for Shayna. School hottie Chad Brocville, Kelly's ex, has an on-again-off-again crush on Shayna. Her best friend Will worries he'll be perennially dateless while their down-to-earth friend Martha tries to balance her parents' ambitions with her role as Shayna'a friend and band manager...Helping Shayna to keep it together are her band mates-uber competitive soccer player Mallory, trend-setter Lauren and impressionable posh girl Gillian - and new music teacher, Mr. Frank James. A former rock star, Frank inspires the band as much as they inspire him. If only he didn't have to deal with Principal Solomon. "The Kois" combines the truthful drama of "Degrassi" with the comedy of "Hanna Montana". Through our main characters, the series explores today's teen issues with a comic twist, and is really about what teens talk about and laugh about. Each episode features catchy rock songs from Shayna's band that reflect that episodes theme.
1338 ::: Tri sestry (1994) ::: In a small Russian town at the turn of the century, three sisters (Olga, Irina, and Masha) and their brother Andrei live but dream daily of their return to their former home in Moscow, where life is charming and stimulating meaningful. But for now they exist in a malaise of dissatisfaction. Soldiers from the local military post provide them some companionship and society, but nothing can suffice to replace Moscow in their hopes. Andrei marries a provincial girl, Natasha, and begins to settle into a life of much less meaning than he had hoped. Natasha begins to run the family her way. Masha, though married, yearns for the sophisticated life and begins a dalliance with Vershinin, an army officer with a sick and suicidal wife. Even Irina, the freshest, most optimistic of the sisters, begins to waver in her dreams until, finally, tragedy strikes.
1339 ::: Bombs, Bullets and Fraud (2007) ::: If your spouse wanted a job with the US Post Office, you may not find cause for alarm, right? But if the branch they are looking into is Postal Inspection, you might think again. Inspectors work to nail criminals on the vanguard of high stakes crime such as identity theft and bank fraud. Often it is a violent, deadly vocation. "Bombs, Bullets and Fraud" chronicles the history of this little known area of the government, from its inception in 1772 to its work curtailing stagecoach robberies in the Old West, and capturing the Unabomber in the '90s. These people put their lives on the line to protect everything from your assets to your children to your health, and ultimately your very life. Get inside the mind, heart, and lives of the Inspector. It'll change your view of the postal worker forever.
1340 ::: Drag Queen Heist (2004) ::: Poor Bobby is stuck eating macaroni and cheese every night. He doesn't even have enough money to get a decent manicure. And then there is Jared. He works as a security guard at the Yarn Barn; and if business doesn't pick up he just might lose his job. Fortunately, Jared and Bobby have a plan. It's risky, but with a little lipstick and some eye shadow; it just might work. Jared comes up with an infallible plan to rob the 2nd Fidelity Bank as women. Regrettably Jared's boyfriend and co-conspirator, Bobby is anything but infallible. Each step Bobby takes is a step in the wrong direction. Take two drag queens, two old ladies, a tight butt bartender, a Chinese-Guatemalan news reporter, a heavy set detective and one foreign store owner and throw them together.
1341 ::: Nos Interstícios da Realidade (2017) ::: He was the most prolific within the New Portuguese Cinema generation. He would try western spaghetti, esoteric allegory, supernatural, and science-fiction. Without state subsidies, he would quit filmmaking in the 1990s. Who remembers António de Macedo?
1342 ::: The Barber of Atlanta (????) ::: Ray, an ex-addict, who works as a barber. After leaving drugs and married his beloved Ely, he decided to move to Atlanta to start a new life with his wife and his son Mickey. However, Ray is unlucky. He is living and working in a district where a man named Phil obsesses the neighborhood with his abuses. Phil is a small Boss, everyone in the neighborhood fear him, and pay him money for being quiet and not have problems. Ray tries to indulge to the requirements of Phil as much possible. Ray thinks that in this way Phil won't give any problems, instead this increases the arrogance of Phil, who understands human weakness and exploits Ray. Ray will be also involved in a robbery and will be arrested because of Phil. All this will lead Ray to exasperation and to desire inexorably to "eliminate" the problem.
1343 ::: Ruta (2012) ::: This religious voyage has taken place since the 17th century, and now has architectural landmarks along the 117 kilometers giving an iconic narrative to the route, relating the extraordinary landscape to the ritual. Nine pieces dialogue with pilgrims in specific sites by architects Ai WeiWei, Luis Aldrete , Tatiana Bilbao Emanuel Christ and Christoph Gantenbein , Derek Dellekamp, Alejandro Aravena , Tilo Herlach, Simon Hartmann, Simon Frommenwiler and Rozana Montiel.
1344 ::: Sojourn (2005/I) ::: A story of a drifting freelance female writer, who meets a man from Shanghai. They have different life experience but find they have a common point of connection through their emotion at state of being. Will she stop her drifting life and stay with her lover? The story takes place in contemporary Shanghai in China.
1345 ::: Van de Velde: Die vollkommene Ehe (1968) ::: The 1st of 2 Franz Josef Gottlieb films supposedly based on the works of Dutch gynecologist Van de Velde. A precursor to the more popular Schoolgirl Report pseudo-documentaries the Gottlieb "Van de Velde" films tried to take a scientific approach to various sexual discoveries within relationships. Taking the documentary route would allow Gottlieb (and other director's of the time) to introduce more graphic and risqué subject matter that was normally not shown in Germany during this time period.
1346 ::: SiDiKi (2014) ::: Running on the dusty roads of Guinea at the age of fourteen, Sidiki's legs stop working. He falls down- mysteriously paralyzed. Polio or bad spirits, nobody cures him. He falls again, but this time into a deep depression. In Guinea, as in most other cultures, there are prejudices and preconceived notions of those who are different; they blind us to the abilities that lie within. Unwilling to accept this fate, Sidiki literally takes matters into his own hands, and in the village where he was discarded he teaches himself how to dance without legs. Participating in the rite-of-passage ceremony of his village (to dance the traditional steps for continuous hours) Sidiki becomes a man, changing the way his people view those labeled as disabled. A grown man, Sidiki Conde is now revered in his native country as a master of music and dance, and his life's work is to empower people all over the world to accept their own abilities and feel free to dance as they are. This feature-length documentary SiDiKi takes the audience on a journey from Sidiki's current home in New York City's East Village to the Guinean village of Mancellia that awakened his spirit through dance. The journey is dotted with multiple stops in small towns and villages that welcome Sidiki. Those with disabilities come out of hiding and flock to Sidiki's message of hope. Paralleling this journey is the transformation of students from the Brookville Center for Children's Services who are learning to cope with their own disabilities by finding their inner rhythm through dancing in one of Sidiki's week-long workshops. They struggle to see beyond their limitations, but over time, they are strengthened by the power of self-acceptance and freedom of movement. SiDiKi is shot with a sensitive cinema vérité lens with music original to Sidiki and his band highlighted throughout. Notably, one of the goals of the film is to raise awareness of the powerful affect dance and the arts have on the human spirit. At the same time, SiDiKi illuminates the plight of the disabled in Guinea and around the world, it speaks to the universal themes of perseverance and triumph. SiDiKi challenges societies' preconceptions on disabilities and stimulates the audience to find their own courageous rhythm; it confronts our intolerance toward those who are atypical, opening our eyes to the truth that ability is born from within, not from body, and that we each move to a beat of our own.
1347 ::: Dying for a Drink (2008) ::: William Crawley embarks on a compelling personal challenge as he looks at the nation's relationship with 'our drug of choice' - alcohol. While attempting to abstain from drink for a month, William sets out to discover the extent to which alcohol affects all our lives, whether we use it as a social lubricant or as emotional crutch. After learning some deeply personal lessons about his own relationship with alcohol, will William ever drink again?
1348 ::: Dumb Love (2007) ::: A young girl lives in an unconventional way. Living a life separate from others, fulfilling her passion of reading and writing poetry, isolated in her local library. The library assistant is captivated by her and their relationship tentatively begins, with her secret untold. Will their poetic story end in happiness or tragedy?
1349 ::: The Beholder (2010/I) ::: The making of a portrait is an intimate experience, one which can be a pleasurable event for both parties or one that's fraught with difficulties. Either way, to paint someone's picture is a unique way of really getting under their skin. In a world where anyone can make a realistic likeness on their cellphone, the importance of the painted portrait remains: as an emblem of power and prestige, as a political act and ultimately as a memorial. These themes and many others are explored through the work of three of Ireland's most notable portrait painters: James Hanley, Mick O'Dea and Brian Maguire.
1350 ::: The American Clock (1993) ::: This film is based on Arthur Miller's recollection of the events of the 1930's Depression. In the film, John Rubinstein, Mary McDonnell, and Loren Dean are all members of an upper class family who find the world completely changed when they lose everything in the Stock Market crashes. Dean, a college age young man, who now faces no possibility of entering college, decides to go on the road to see what is happening to the rest of the country.
1351 ::: World to Come (2015) ::: An obscure, nightmarish premonition prompts the sudden return of Doveed to his hometown in an effort to confront the neglect of its past. In the wake of a childhood friend's suicide, he re-enters a religious community locked in a lingering standstill, ruined by the brutality of repression, and lost in the shadows of collective guilt. Meanwhile it is autumn, and the trees are shedding their leaves.
1352 ::: Parella de tres (1995) ::: Ana and Marta are good friends but very different women. Ana is a housewife whereas Marta is an agressive lawyer, single and very independent. Ana is married to Santi and after a crisis she proposed Marta to be the lover of her husband to save her matrimony. Santi does not suspect anything and the triangle works fine during years... till Santi begins to go out with another person.
1353 ::: Frank Warren Presents: Best of Boxing (2006) ::: Frank Warren is at the top of his game. For more than two decades Frank's been responsible for promoting some of the world's biggest names and fights. Now Britain's 'Mr Boxing' has chosen his own big fight favourites from 25 years of Frank Warren promotions. This is a who's who of British boxing superstars.
1354 ::: Illyuziya strakha (2008) ::: Story of a successful businessman, who has to protect his business in difficult conditions. He gets entrapped into the net of law enforcement structures and after arrest the protagonist starts to notice weird things: some of his interlocutors appear to be not real persons, but phantoms, created by his consciousness. Fantomness, dematerialization of things that are obvious for common sense brings the author to the next stage of thinking - that the illusion of fear is also fruit of our imagination.
1355 ::: The Man Who Ate His Archbishop's Liver...? (2004) ::: Produced and filmed as the former Ugandan despot lay on his deathbed, this compelling and timely documentary investigates the brutal life and murderous legacy of one of the most infamous dictators of modern times. Often described as a murderous buffoon, Idi Amin ruled Uganda with an iron fist throughout the 1970s, allegedly killing as many as half a million people. He was toppled from power in 1979, but in many ways his shadow hangs over Uganda to this day. In this programme, filmmaker Elizabeth C. Jones travels through Uganda to discover what people think of the most notorious Ugandan of all. She gains extraordinary access to Amin's friends and former colleagues and - for the first time in a television documentary - with the Amin family. She ends up in Amin's home town - the only Westerner to attend his funeral - and is taken aback to discover a place still infected with nostalgia for the Amin era. This gripping, darkly funny film raises important questions about how history is rewritten if and when brutal dictators are not forced to account for their crimes.
1356 ::: Run Home, Slow (1965) ::: Evidently an attempt by Mercedes McCambridge to appear in a dumber western than "Johnny Guitar" and she succeeds in the role of Nell Hagen who sets out to retaliate for the hanging of her father Judd, who ruled their valley with an iron hand before the natives revolted. She is accompanied by her brothers, Ritt and Kirby, a hump-backed half-wit, and their sensuous cousin Julie Ann who marries Ritt but gets nekked and seduces Kirby. The family then robs a bank and kills two tellers before dropping in on Charley Gately, leader of the group that hanged old man Hagen, and kills him and his son Gabe and daughter-in-law Ruth. And they head for the border and it gets really mean and nasty.
1357 ::: "Ghost Quest!" (2013) ::: They are ghost hunters, generally investigate Fortean phenomena pertaining to paranormal activity. George Flatman code name Hunter #1 and Spencer Billingsly code name Hunter #2 are ghost , spirit, strange phenomena investigators. They are ghost hunters, generally investigate Fortean phenomena pertaining to paranormal activity. They claim to have several decent recordings of moving objects, mysterious lights, strange mists, and shadowy figures that manifest, if not in the actual show. George Flatman code name Hunter #1 and Spencer Billingsly code name Hunter #2 are ghost , spirit, strange phenomena investigators. They are ghost hunters, generally investigate Fortean phenomena pertaining to paranormal activity. They claim to have several decent recordings of moving objects, mysterious lights, strange mists, and shadowy figures that manifest, if not in the actual show.
1358 ::: Sage femme (2017) ::: Claire is a midwife in a maternity hospital. She is humane and helpful and gives herself entirely to her patients. But despite that her life is not a bed of roses. Her hospital is about to close its doors and the devoted woman is determined not to work in the new modern hospital she regards as a "baby factory". Her personal life is no triumph either: she is single and does not make friends easily. To make matters worse, her student son Simon is gradually leaving home, as he is developing a relationship with his new sweetheart Lucie. It is the moment that Béatrice, her dead father's former mistress, chooses to resurface. The eccentric, spendthrift, sensual, amoral woman (Claire's exact opposite in fact) is really the last kind of person she needs to mix with. But Béatrice soon informs her that she suffers from brain cancer and she has nobody else to turn to. Torn between rejection and duty, what is Claire going to do?
1359 ::: Ai to nikushimi no kanata e (1951) ::: A young man, convicted of a crime and imprisoned in the penitentiary, comes to believe that his wife is being unfaithful to him. He contrives his escape from the prison in order to seek her out and learn the truth, but the police give chase and he must flee into the mountains.
1360 ::: Les visions panaméennes (1998) ::: Cinematographic poem shot to the rhythm of the streets of Paris. A personal diary as well as the journal of an era, the film is a patchwork of strange and beautiful visions which compose a fabric of furtive impressions in perpetual dialogue with the off screen texts. Women's faces, demonstrators, meanderings in the city, finish by building an atmosphere in which all the information has meaning.
1361 ::: Crime Killer (1998) ::: In the near future, the streets will be taken over by criminals. The URIEL consortium buys the police department and gives the PD three new patrol vehicles: the turbo patrol car, the bike, and the wing. Each road warrior comes with a vast array of weapons; including a vulcan cannon, machine guns, cluster shells.
1362 ::: Gracias a Dios y a la revolución (1981) ::: A documentary on the role of the Catholic Church during the Sandinista revolution in Nicaragua, it shows clergy members serving as government officials, and parishioners who testify to the inspirational and unifying force of Christianity in the national reforms.
1363 ::: Agent (2016) ::: The film revolves around a story of a secret Agent who's partner has been killed by an unknown person and he is threatened to kill as well. The Agent is either asked to kill or die. While trying to shoot the target the Agent is caught by Police Officers. Here we get to know that he has been telling all this to the police officers during interrogation. After a thorough investigation it is found out that he was telling the truth and was trying to kill the person on someone others orders trying to save his own life, the Agent is therefore released. After being released the Agent goes to some place where he is being awaited by a person sitting in a car. The Agent sits in the car and the person sitting in the car is revealed. The person sitting in the car is the same person the Agent had been trying to kill (the target he got from the unknown person who killed his partner). The Agent had lied all the way to the police. And then the incidents that happened in real are revealed in flashback.
1364 ::: The Janus Project (????) ::: The relationship of SHANE, an ex-special ops soldier, and LEXI, a gifted psychology student, is tested as supernatural forces threaten to transform reality as they know it. Targeted by this evil, an ancient secret society called The Vii, SHANE must overcome the trials of his past to embrace his true self and unlock his power.
1365 ::: Rebro Adamovo (1958) ::: The young Bulgarian Muslim woman Zyulker wants to study and become a teacher. Her father decides to arrange a marriage to her. After the wedding, she runs away and goes to the town. There she starts work in a hostel. Her husband takes her back. He beats and humiliates her. She gives birth to her child prematurely, takes the baby and goes to the school for Muslim in the town. She has to surmount many difficulties. The young woman meets her first teacher Stefanov. The two fall in love. With his help, Zyulker finishes her study successfully and makes up her mind to return to her native village as a teacher. Stefanov follows her and proposes to her. The two embrace.
1366 ::: The Demoore Frequency (1997) ::: A mad scientist invents a device which creates a tone which causes women to irresistibly desire to be placed in bondage. After several initial successes, the scientist makes some modifications and his third victim is soon ensnared in his plan to take over the world
1367 ::: The King Chronicle, Part 3: Mackenzie King and the Zombie Army (1988) ::: This final episode of the life of Canadian Prime Minister W.L. Mackenzie King begins with the divisive Conscription Crisis. Despite his assurances that conscription would not be implemented, conditions in Europe force King to hold a plebiscite on the issue. King remains in office until his retirement in 1948. A lonely man, he lives out his remaining years at Kingsmere.
1368 ::: Ophelia Learns to Swim (2000) ::: Ophelia is a bimbo living with her father and brother in the L.A. Valley. Her Dad expects nothing from her, except to clean the house. Her boyfriend Hamilton seems supportive, but Ophelia experiences troubling nightmares. In them, she reenacts scenes from her favorite film, TITANIC...but Hamilton is encouraging her to jump off the railing ("Go ahead, the water's warm!") and pushing her off the driftwood. Ophelia, like her Shakespearean namesake, can't swim and has a pathological fear of water after her mother drowns . One day, Ophelia's brother Larry brings home a broomstick he stole from "some witch." The family is startled when a real witch shows up on their doorstep demanding the broom, which Ophelia has broken. A new magic broomstick from Denmark costs $7,500. The witch demands either Dad sell his beloved pickup truck, or hand over his daughter. For Dad, it's no contest, and the witch takes Ophelia away on an upright vacuum cleaner into the night. Ophelia becomes the witch's apprentice and undergoes a detox from years of booze, cigarettes and junk food. The Witch is an herbalist belonging to a Council of Superheroines comprising of the Chocolatier, who makes magic chocolates for pre-menstrual women; the Librarian, a fount of knowledge; and Mother Nature, 4.5 billion years old and sick from endless pollution. The Council has such huge financial problems in these post-feminist times, their chances of raising the money for a new broom seem slim. Having forsaken automobiles to help Mother Nature, the Council is dependent on the broom to navigate Los Angeles - public transportation is lousy and the vacuum cleaner just won't cut it. What will happen to all the women in L.A. who are being harassed, underpaid, and charged more for dry cleaning? To make matters worse, there's a villainous counterpart for each Superheroine; Cosmetic Chick; The Doucher, a marketer of "feminine protection" products; The Hag; Virginia Svelte, the cigarette-promoting leader of the pack; and Ophelia's best friend Tina, who is transformed into "Bitch on Wheels," graduating from Rollerblades to a Mercedes. The villains have corporate America on their side and are out to send the womens' movement packing. Ophelia is given an Instinct Doll by the Superheroines that talks and gives her good but tough advice. Ophelia is then kidnapped by Virginia Svelte and brought to the Babepad, where the villains enjoy a cushy existence. When Virginia Svelte drowns her Instinct Doll in the toilet, Ophelia loses touch with reality and runs home, only to have another dream in which her drowned mother tells her to wake up. Ophelia goes through a variation on all those terrible movie makeovers: she takes off her makeup, puts on her glasses and lo! She can finally see! Ophelia is rechristened "ESTROGEN WOMAN" by the Superheroines, and must somehow get them a new broom, prepare for the big showdown with Hamilton and the villains, and learn to swim.
1369 ::: Galloping Thru (1931) ::: The local express agent, the father of Tom McGuire, is killed during a robbery. In the chase that follows Tom is wounded and taken by his friend, Sandy Thompson, to the home of Janice Warren  to recover. Janice and Tom soon fall in love, and that brings complications as Sandy is also in love with Janice, and Tom believes that her brother Cliff, is one of the gang members that robbed the express office. Cliff challenges Tom to a shoot-out in the street. Tom accepts, not knowing that his guns have been emptied by the jealous Sandy. The latter, in a change of heart, steps into the duel and shoots Cliff just before he is shot down from ambush by saloon owner Willis, the secret leader of the gang. Willis is captured by Tom and Tom takes Sandy to the doctor. Cliff confesses before dying to his role in the robbery, and Tom and Janice are reconciled.
1370 ::: Africa's Outsiders (2006) ::: This is the story of three African animals that nature has repainted with extraordinary new colours. They are the Outsiders: a White Lion, a Yellow Crocodile and a White Baboon. To be born an 'outsider' is a rare and dramatic event. Animals with startlingly different colours face completely new challenges. They are not well-camouflaged for the habitat they were born into, so they must work harder to survive. This film tells their story in the innovative form of an African fable. Along the way we'll meet a host of other fascinating characters like a pink hippo, a black leopard and even a striped cheetah!
1371 ::: A Soul Enslaved (1916) ::: Tired of poverty, Jane finally accepts the advances of Ambrose, the wealthy owner of the factory in which she works, and becomes his mistress. Years later, long after she has left Ambrose, Jane falls in love with Richard Newton, whose own past, like hers, hardly stands out as scrupulous. They get married and have a child, but then Richard finds out that Jane had been a kept woman, and insists on a separation. He soon begins to think about his own past indiscretions, however, and realizes the hypocrisy of judging Jane by a higher standard than the one by which he has lived. As a result, he asks her forgiveness, and she eagerly takes him back.
1372 ::: Suddenly (2016/III) ::: An aspiring Dutch actress suddenly gets her dream chance in a Japanese movie about Dejima, the first Japanese-Dutch historical relations, because she speaks Japanese and Dutch. A few days before the start of the movie, she suddenly is diagnosed with cancer. She needs treatment immediately, but she decides to hide it for everybody and try to go for her dream.
1373 ::: Bangku kosong (2006) ::: tells the story of a sacred bench that can not be occupied by anyone from time to time, but a new student girl named Dinda is very curious about what happened in the past, she was interested to reveal a mysterious incident that causes the bench should not be occupied by anyone
1374 ::: Proti yli (2011) ::: Vast steelworks' dreams of dirt-cheap scrap, Greece's environmental obligations and the Western dream of an army of illegal immigrants meet in a string of shanty towns in the shadow of the Acropolis. Which are trodden underfoot? Three Roma from Albania, two Indians, a Turk and a Greek: a mere sample of the endless army of desperados who recycle the metal of an entire nation; heroes of "Raw Material" and raw material themselves. Nightmarishly, from the dustbins of Athens to the toxic junkyards of downtown Athens and from the foundry furnaces to Lebanon's bombed-out Nachr-Al-Baret refugee camp, the metal they collect becomes the foundations of the insane world in which they-and we-live. Raw Material charts the course of this band of hunter-gatherers in today's Europe. It confronts the smell of an annoying but exploitable savagery. It documents toil in the burning heat and freezing snow which penetrate its heroes' bodies to lodge in its viewers' minds. The famous Acropolis affords a view of one of the most poverty-stricken districts in Athens. This improvised shantytown is home to a diverse community of people who subsist on collecting discarded metal. Before the sun is up, they set out in their little three-wheel trucks for the streets of the metropolis. Then, at the end of the day, they take the old fridges, televisions, spring-wire mattresses and all other conceivable kinds of metal refuse to the city's scrapyards; with their meagre earnings they return home to their families, hoping that the new day will bring a richer haul.
1375 ::: Watch Me (2006) ::: Tess Hooper is a diligent and earnest cinema studies student, haunted by a shameful incident from her past. One by one Tess's friends end up brutally murdered after opening the "Watch Me" email, a file that spreads through electronic address books to seek its next victim. All murders bear the same traits: a red-headed woman in a yellow dress, an internet connection, the victims' eyes sewn shut. As Tess becomes the next target in line, she finds herself seeking answers from Taku, an illegal film dealer with the unsavory nickname of "freak boy" and the moral integrity of a rattlesnake. But showing up voluntarily at Taku's lair, Tess finds herself in even more danger than when she was on her own. If the two can survive each other, they may just be able to live through this deadly email. As the clock ticks and the body count mounts, the two must untangle the puzzle to stop "Watch Me" from its poisonous rampage.
1376 ::: Duch, le maître des forges de l'enfer (2011) ::: Between 1975 and 1979, the Khmer Rouge regime caused the death of some 1.8 million people, representing one-quarter of the population of Cambodia. 'Kaing Guek Eav' (qv), better known as Duch, was in charge at M13, a Khmer Rouge-controlled prison, for four years before being appointed by the Angkar ("the Organisation", a faceless and omnipresent entity which reigned unopposed over the destiny of an entire people) to the S21 centre in Phnom Penh. As party secretary, he commanded from 1975 to 1979 the Khmer Rouge killing machine in which at least 12,280 people perished, according to the remaining archives. But how many others disappeared, "crushed and reduced to dust", with no trace of them ever being found? In 2009, Duch became the first leader of the Khmer Rouge organisation to be brought before an international criminal justice court. 'Rithy Panh' (qv) records his unadorned words, without any trimmings, in the isolation of a face-to-face encounter. At the same time, he sets it into perspective with archive pictures and eye-witness accounts of survivors. As the narrative unfolds, the infernal machine of a system of destruction of humanity implacably emerges, through a manic description of the minutiae of its mechanisms.
1377 ::: "Hooked" (2007) ::: It's the astounding world of monster fish with monster teeth. Sporting mega-mouthfuls of razor-sharp weapons - they chomp, shred, slash and slice. What began with the prehistoric, 40-ton Megalodon - with teeth the size of meat cleavers - lives on today in toothy super-species, from sharks to Brazil's mysterious Payara, AKA 'Vampire Fish.' Reeling them in is a knockdown, no-holds-barred fight to the finish. And one intrepid ichthyologist's Amazon expedition to study them is the ultimate adventure
1378 ::: Brooklyn Goes to Cleveland (1955) ::: Arthur Cohen's "Brooklyn" character takes another trip and writes his usual "Dear Myrtle" letter back to his sweetheart and explains exactly what he is seeing and doing, although what he writes does not always match up with what he is seeing or doing, as "Brooklyn" had his own slant on things.
1379 ::: Feeding the Pigs (1898) ::: "A very characteristic picture of Old Ireland. The camera was placed very near the trough, and five big porkers are seen busily engaged in eating. Two or three little pigs who try to get to the trough by climbing over the backs of their fellows make a very amusing diversion."
1380 ::: Henshin (2013) ::: This documentary film consists of the videos recorded by Jun Hori, a Japanese NHK's X-new-announcer, after the huge earthquake and nuclear accident occurred on March 11Th, 2011 in Japan. He has recorded the crucial and immediate information about radioactive contamination where radiation was spread, which was never broad-casted by NHK (Japanese national broadcasting corporation) at that time the the people in Fukushima needed it the most. Moreover, almost immediately after finalizing this film, he quited NHK because NHK tried to stop this film to be shown in public considering this film as an anti-nuclear power plant. Why did they have to bun? This film tells us the simple fact: what is happening to us would never end no matter how we can be forgettable.
1381 ::: The Legend of Tayos (2017) ::: The legend of the Tayos Cave started in 1969 when Janoz Moricz claimed to have found a huge metal library inside the cave, which contained the history of an ancient civilization. Moricz was never able to show any evidence of his discovery due to some problems with the government when organizing the expedition. Seven years later a big Ecuadorian/British expedition organized by Stanley Hall when inside of the caves. Over a 100 scientist and military exploring the place, and as the president of the expedition, Neil Armstrong himself. But there were no signs of the famous Metal Library. What was kept a secret till recently is that behind this two expeditions, there was a whole operation done my Moricz to take out pieces of the library and take them to Argentina. The Legend of Tayos uncovers the secret characters in the story of the Cave and searches for answers about the whereabouts of the famous Metal Library.
1382 ::: Un hombre de éxito (1986) ::: Javier Argüelles, an opportunistic young man from Cuban middle class, survives all kind of political changes in Havana, from 1932 to 1959, while his brother Darío is persecuted and killed because of his leftist ideas.
1383 ::: Conspiracy Encounters (2016) ::: On the night of March 13th, 1997, strange lights were witnessed flying over the Phoenix sky, and in their wake a "man" appeared. Jimmy and Father Michael feel their lives affected by this stranger. Baffled, Father Michael travels to Mexico to seek advice from his mentor. But a series of accidents prevents the truth from being revealed, and Father Michael is left even more alone and afraid. What he later discovers defies his perception of reality and the core of all he has ever believed. For Jimmy, the mysterious man provides guidance towards finding what he has sought for many years.
1384 ::: 50 Let Hale Tivoli (2015) ::: In half a century Tivoli Hall became a symbol as a first object of its kind that hosted the biggest and most influential cultural, musical and sports events in former Yugoslavia. Opening ceremony with Louie Armstrong, first gold medal for Yugoslavian basketball, last full gig of Nirvana are just some of those events that took place in this iconic hall in Ljubljana - through the memories of 24 speakers the documentary brings to live some of those historical moments.
1385 ::: Ginauhaw Ako, Ginagutom Ako (1977) ::: The story of a woman (Susan Henson) orphaned at a young age by her mother who works as a prostitute. Despite her attempts to improve her life, she stumbles into a series of misfortunes and finds herself living the same life her mother had lived. This is the story of a woman (Susan Henson) who grew up in the slums. Although she is given a chance with a decent family, she stumbles into a series of misfortunes, enslaving herself in the company of characters in the underworld. She teeters on the brink of self- destruction until a man she refuses to love intervenes.
1386 ::: Stolen (????/III) ::: In this raw and intimate thriller surrounding a case of Stockholm Syndrome, 16-year-old Gemma is abducted by Ty, a rugged young man living in the Australian outback who brings her back to his bare-bones cabin. As time passes, Gemma slowly moves from aggressively resisting captivity to embracing her relationship with the newly trusted Ty. But with an expansive police search closing in on the missing girl, how will Gemma's perilous story end?
1387 ::: Miracle Workers: a portrait series of domestic violence survivors (2016) ::: Miracle Workers is a short documentary of six women that underwent a transformation and sat in front of my lens to show the world their new selves. It was an art project meant to celebrate the freedom these women now felt. Being mentors to other women just coming out of domestic violence households I found it imperative to find out their full history before I trained my camera on them. It was important to be educated fully on the effects of domestic violence from someone who's been in the middle of it.
1388 ::: The Curse of the Tempest Jewel (2015) ::: Set in 1940's Chicago, The Curse of the Tempest Jewel follows an ensemble cast of 17 actors with Down syndrome on a quest for a legendary treasure. Each character daydreams what he/she would do with the fortune, but as they chase clues around the city all must decide which is more important: Fortune or Friendship? THE CURSE OF THE TEMPEST JEWEL follows the cast as they embark on a quest for the legendary Tempest Jewel, which was lost at sea in the wreck of a pirate ship 200 years earlier. A wealthy client commissions two local detectives to track down the treasure. As they interview people around town, each new character daydreams about what he/she would do with the fortune. The scripted dreams are based on some real-life wishes, one girl wants to buy a machine to let her talk to animals, another wants to become a Hollywood starlet, and one boy wants nothing more than a lake home in Michigan. As they chase clues around the city, each must ultimately decide which is more important: Fortune or Friendship? This is the inaugural project for A.B.L.E. (Artists Breaking Limits and Expectations), a new program in association with Chicago Children's Theater. A.B.L.E.'s mission is to provide artistic experiences through which individuals with intellectual disabilities feel accepted and empowered to discover their own unique voices, and develop the confidence and skills to share who they are what they are truly ABLE to do.
1389 ::: "Spiros and the Hood" (2016) ::: The metropolitan coastal city of Orkney Bay prides itself on the low crime rate, for a city of its size. The much admired and renowned 73 year old Greek/American Det. Lt. Dorian Spiros represents one of the biggest issues the city has faced in the last few months: his tenure with the department. As much as a few city groups have criticized the city for keeping him on the payroll, Spiros has proven over and over his capability to give more than what he takes... until now. A group of very organized thieves has been creating havoc around the city, robbing drug dealers and corrupt politicians of their hard earned money, then distributing the money among charitable organizations and people in need. This has earned them the simple name of "The Hoods", mainly due to their leader, Vincent Hood, a man with no past, no records: virtually no reliable means to learn anything about him anywhere in the world. Counting Vincent, this group is comprised of 5 members: Vincent's best friend, Brad "the Pit" O'Malley, Ex Navy Seal with a knack for spitting pits as a weapon (When not using his other skills to inflict pain... apologize later). Ex-CIA operative, Chloe Newman. She's the computer geek for Vincent's team of thieves, however, just as dangerous with her hands or weapons as any of the others. Serena Cox (Formerly Sean Cox) former Special Forces Operative and professional wrestler, although she does impromptu wrestling appearances at wrestling events, leaving before the police arrive. Vincent and his group made a point from the start to let the public know their true identities, nevertheless, the police haven't had any luck apprehending them. Spiros has been put in charge of the investigation, as The Hoods have robbed the police evidence room of over 5K dollars of seized drug money, later dropping it all at the departments doorsteps and taking it back 2 days later and distributing it to churches and other charitable organizations and people in need. They simply taunt the police at every chance they get. Spiros is just about to find out his problems are about to increase ten fold. Back in 2000, he was loaned to the Greek Hellenic Police, to assist in the investigation and apprehension of mafia mercenary bomber Themistoklis Papamalis. Themistoklis was killed during his attempted capture. His love child, Vasso Stavropoulo, is now back in the USA, seeking revenge against Spiros and the U.S. government. Vasso was given her father's fortune and will stop at nothing to inflict pain on Spiros and the U.S. government. Will Spiros accept Vincent's offer to help? Is there more to the situation than meets the eye? Oh, in case you are wondering, I'm an investigative reporter, my name is Bronson Rafferty, and I'm the Fifth and secret member of Vincent's team.
1390 ::: Atlantic City Character Study (2017) ::: Atlantic City is a resort town two hours from New York City that has experienced a dramatic decline over the past 30 years. Once the most popular family vacation destination in the United States, the city has slid into a dystopian version of its former self with beachfront property plummeting amidst vacant lots and deserted high-rise hotels garishly positioned against the coastal backdrop. As the city tries in vain to regain its footing, residents are left living in the broken shell of a city. This film is an attempt to provide a realistic portrayal of what it feels like to walk the streets of the Atlantic City.
1391 ::: Hungry (2008/I) ::: A hungry man wakes up one day and searches his house for food, but finds nothing but bare cupboards. He uses the spare change around the house to go buy lunch, but runs into people who seem to be hungrier than he is and ends up with nothing. Or does he?
1392 ::: Free or Equal: A Personal View by Johan Norberg (2011) ::: In 1980 economist and Nobel Laureate Milton Friedman inspired market reform in the West and revolutions in the East with his celebrated television series "Free To Choose." Thirty years later, in this one-hour documentary, the young Swedish writer, analyst and Cato Foundation Fellow Johan Norberg travels in Friedman's footsteps to see what has actually happened in the places Friedman's ideas helped transform. In location after location Norberg examines the contemporary relevance or Friedman's ideas in the 2011 world of globalization and financial crisis. Central to his examination are the perennial questions concerning power and prosperity, and the trade-offs between individual liberty and income equality.
1393 ::: Changeover (1998) ::: The sights and sounds of the late Seventies come alive in this comical tale of the night in the life of a group movie theater ushers, just before their beloved Suffolk Theater goes out of business. Danny has to choose between his loyalty to the Suffolk and a job at the new local multiplex which has driven the Suffolk out of business. Joey is getting cold feet before his wedding and a chance meeting with his ex-girlfriend could change his future. Jessie tires to shed his image as "the toughest guy in town" to impress Rachel, the ticket girl, but a local hood wants his title. Bobby falls for a prank that could cut the Suffolk's last day even shorter. A sweet look back at a time when going to the local movie theater meant more than just going to the movies.
1394 ::: The last days of the cinema (2015/II) ::: As the cinemas of the city are closing their doors, the relationship between Leandro and his son Martin is extinguishing. Leandro will try to redeem his past errors on time and bring out all the inner rage that has driven Martin to a grey life, in order to make him recover his imagination, dream again and find a light.
1395 ::: Zeus & Ganymede: Two Loves (2012) ::: Zeus & Ganymede: Two Loves, is a short animation film about the ancient same-sex Greek myth of Zeus, mythical father of the gods, and Ganymede, a mortal boy who while on Mt. Ida practicing Olympic games with his friends was abducted by Zeus in the form of an eagle. Zeus transports him to Mt. Olympus where he appoints him cup bearer to the gods and gives him eternal life. Features animated recreation of the 530 BCE, Zeus & Ganymede kylix by the Penthesilea Painter.
1396 ::: Myrt and Marge (1933) ::: Myrt has a show chock full of talented performers that deserves to be on Broadway, but can't raise the necessary money. Jackson, a lecherous "producer", provides the money in order to get his hands on the show's pretty young star, Marge. Myrt teams up with Marge's boyfriend to try to thwart the randy producer and get the show to Broadway.
1397 ::: Oak Mountain Murders (????) ::: A film being produced by Michael Frog Ray, about a pair of sick, twisted brothers, who want to become famous serial killers, like there heroes they see on a TV documentary. This movie, will be one of the most brutal, over the top movies, you have ever witnessed.
1398 ::: December Bride (1991) ::: At the beginning of the 20th century, a young servant provokes an independent Irish farm community by her relationship with two brothers. Pregnant, she refuses to reveal the name of the father.
1399 ::: Students Like Us (2012) ::: "Students Like Us" is the story of Andrea, a young woman who has an awakening of love and consciousness in her first year at school. Twenty years later, her teenage daughter has grown up to be everything her mom had fought against in her youth! In "Students Like Us" Andrea tells her own college story to her daughter Avelina who would rather be surfing than hearing any of her mothers stories! Andrea's dad used his life savings to send her to college. And although she should have been focused on her business major, she could not keep herself away from the two things he despised - the student activists and the Art Department! After befriending a whole new breed of people, like the gorgeous Mike from East Los Angeles who looks like a cholo but brings home straight A's, Andrea must decide how far she will go to advocate for "Raza College Day" (a student led outreach event for the local high school students) - even if it means going head to head with the well-meaning college administration to do so! What ensues is a heartfelt and politically charged coming-of-age-story of a young woman daring to be who she dreams of being and a father letting go of his own dreams so that she can live hers. Remembering her journey, Andrea finally finds the compassion to hear what makes her own daughters heart thump.
1400 ::: Robbing the Grave (????) ::: Master thief, Terry Sands, is double crossed by his crew and awakens in a hospice surrounded by those forgotten by society and on death's doorstep. As Terry plots his revenge against those who almost killed him, he is drawn into the world of those around him and in them finds a new crew with the most important quality he could ask for: nothing left to lose.
1401 ::: Space Samurai: Oasis (????) ::: The International Space Station is now a resort of the ultra rich ... Oasis. After an emergency evacuation of Oasis only one man is left on board, besides the team of highly trained terrorists. Now everyone knows there's a Laser weapon of mass destruction activated on this eighth wonder of the world and pointed back at Earth. But with no one else on the station and nobody back on Earth can help him. Can this one man muster the courage and battle an enemy dedicated on global destruction? The fate of all humanity rests in his hands. In a race against time, he must prove his worth and do this on his own, in order to save civilization. The ISS is a resort for the wealthy, Oasis. An evacuation leaves one man aboard except for a team of terrorists. A Laser weapon activated is pointed at Earth. Can one man battle an enemy dedicated on global destruction to save civilization? Space Samurai: Oasis is set in the year 2050 on the International Space Station, orbiting the Earth. Now decommissioned and privately owned it's operating as an All Inclusive Resort for the Ultra Rich. Oasis is boarded by a maintenance crew there only for a routine service, but things quickly go wrong and the maintenance team leader orders an emergency evacuation of the Resort. That's when the maintenance crew sheds their disguise and then it's revealed they're actually a highly skilled team, there to take over the space station and terrorize Humanity. The whole World is held hostage as a massive laser weapon of mass destruction is installed, activated and pointed back down at Earth. Ready to takeout numerous strategic targets as the ISS orbits the globe every 90 minutes. Yet, one lone maintenance worker who in spite of the mandatory evacuation, stayed behind. He is now the only hope for all of Humanity. Does this unlikely hero actually become the Space Samurai needed to save Mankind from a most certain and horrible holocaust?
1402 ::: You Are the One (2006) ::: Sally Malasmas applies for a US visa. There she meets the young and dashing vice-consul Will Derby with a wide, warm and inviting smile. Sally feels it's her lucky day! But Will thinks Sally does not have enough ties to the Philippines that will make her come back. He denies her visa, beams one last sweet smile at her and turns his back before she could protest. It isn't Sally's lucky day anymore. Sally Malasmas is a Care Officer at the National Statistics Office. She's smart and is a genuinely caring person who always has a hand to help other people. But despite her capabilities, Sally feels insecure of her older sister Charry whom she feels her parents always favored and always outperformed her. And in love, Sally tends to be needy and clingy. Her parents and only sister have all migrated to the United States to embrace the 'American Dream'. But for Sally, the Philippines is where she wants to be. Will Derby is a dashing vice-consul from the United States Embassy in Manila. He grew up in pre-dominantly white North Dakota where very few Filipinos live. But Will is not an American. He's a Filipino adopted by an old American couple. He would have avoided being posted in the Philippines, a place he doesn't like very much, if he could. But a promise to his mother to search for his real parents made him not to. Will has always lived a life of incompleteness and unbelongingness. Even his relationships are fleeting until he meets Sally. Sally is only forced to apply for a US Visa because her sick mom who refuses to come home needs care. So for Sally, how could Mr. Derby think she's another TNT when she never ever dreamed of going to the land of milk and honey?! She is definitely insulted. And too bad she initially thought he's gorgeous. To make things worse, Will decides to finally try searching for his parents. He goes to the NSO to look for his original birth certificate. Fate plays a trick and makes Sally and Will meet again. She seeks revenge and makes him wait all afternoon for his document. But her ploy fires back as her boss catches her. Now, she's forced to help him. After giving it some thought, Sally sees the opportunity to use Will to finally get a visa. She goes out of her way to go with him to places, from the rugged Tondo to a town fiesta in Pampanga, just to find his parents. As they inch nearer and nearer to where his parents are, they also get closer and closer to each other. And after several experiences together, from getting caught by the police in a gambling house to the more intimate fiesta plaza dance, their initial attraction becomes real, though unconfessed, love. Will Mr. Derby finally discover where his real parents are? And with his posting in Manila about to end, will he find another reason to stay? Will there be a chance for Sally and Will's Love to bloom? And if there is, will they have the courage to admit it's each other that they need? You Are The One explores the insanities that comes with love, the impossibilities to be hurdled to make love happen and the self-confidence we all need to make love work.
1403 ::: Palestinian Refugee in Lebanon: The Other Side of Palestine (2012) ::: In 1947 the Palestinians were sent out far from their land. It will be the first exile of many that will came. Lebanon becomes one of the host countries. The lives of Palestinians for over sixty years of exile have not been easy. Thus, in September 2011, Mahmoud Abbas addresses the UN with a petition under his arm...
1404 ::: Book Club (2015) ::: BOOK CLUB takes viewers on an emotional and personal journey through the lives of eight American women, bonded by a book club formed 70 years ago. At a time when social standards prohibited married women from continuing their careers, a group of women decided to use their book club to keep up with what was going on in the world. What they didn't anticipate, were the poignant words of the authors uniting them not only for these monthly gatherings, but binding them together for the journey of a lifetime.
1405 ::: "Fredrikssons fabrikk" (1990) ::: "Fredrikssons fabrik" is set in a textile factory. The workers are not too interested in working, and come up with all sorts of excuses when the boss (Magnus Härenstam) checks up on them.
1406 ::: Blur (2004) ::: A tale about life and the forces that affect it. This drama revolves around three different yet very similar stories. Walter Horton is a man trying to come to grips with the loss of his multi-million dollar corporation. His downward spiral takes him through various parts of Long Island City where he encounters a variety of New York inhabitants. These encounters make up the three story arc. What seems unrelated and trivial at first becomes intricately involved as all three stories collide.
1407 ::: The Candidate (1964) ::: Ambitious politician Frank Carlton decides to run for a senatorial seat in Washington. Carlton puts his political career in serious jeopardy after he gets involved with English immigrant Angela Wallace. Meanwhile, Carlton's slick and unscrupulous campaign manager Buddy Parker has an affair of his own with brassy broad Christine Ashley.
1408 ::: Celebration Family (1987) ::: When James and Janet Marston find, after the birth of their second son, that they can have no more they decide to adopt. The result is a huge family of up to sixty children of all nationalities, races and creeds and some with physical and mental disabilities. Their happiness, however, is not to continue without problems...
1409 ::: "This Quarter Life" (2011) ::: Shining a spotlight on Clarence - who may not be as carefree as he lets on. He goes on a double date with an old flame. A night of drinks with a barely legal date, his ex and an eccentric animal rehabilitation expert brings out hidden jealousy, resentment and sweet awkward laughter.
1410 ::: Ishq Hai Tumse (2004) ::: The film follows Arjun, a Hindu man played by Morea, and Khusboo, a Muslim woman played by Basu. Their fathers (portrayed by Vikram Gokhale and Alok Nath, respectively) become good friends. During a marriage ceremony, Arjun comes across Khusboo and falls in love with her. However, he decides to hide his feelings from her and his family because of their differences in religion.When Arjun is about to confess his love to Khusboo, Arjun's father has a sudden kidney failure and is admitted to a hospital. The second time he musters the courage to express his feelings, Khusboo's father has a fake heart attack. Khusboo's parents arrange a marriage for her, and she, unaware of Arjun's love, obeys. This finally prods a desperate Arjun to admit his love for Khusboo. Over the years the friendship of Usman and Pandit has flourished, despite of their different religion and cultural backgrounds. Their children have now grown and are of marriageable age. While attending the marriage of Usman's daughter, Arjun meets with Khusboo and falls in love with her. They meet after the marriage, and Khusboo too feels attracted to Arjun. Arjun is unable to bring this matter up before his parents and Usman for fear of being rejected as he is not a Muslim. He, however, confides in his paternal uncle, Raj Narain. Raj Narain agrees to approach Usman on this behalf, but dies tragically. Now Arjun thinks that his love affair is jinxed, and is unable to talk to anyone about this. Khusboo is relying on Arjun to make the next move, but when he doesn't, she agrees to marry the man of her parents' choice, leaving Arjun even more depressed and alone.
1411 ::: Black Deutschland (????) ::: Jed--young, gay, black, out of rehab and out of prospects in his hometown of Chicago--flees to the city of his fantasies, a museum of modernism and decadence: Berlin. Jed arrives to chase boys and to escape from what it means to be a black male in America.
1412 ::: Un petit Examen, and Not So Damned Petit Either, or, The Light Shining Over the Dark (1976) ::: A young boy auditions for a position in a choir academy; he is turned down. He returns home with his mother and father where the father is met with the news that his father has just died, and he must leave immediately for the funeral. Upon his arrival at his parents' home, he finds he is too late for the funeral. Later that evening, over coffee, he tries to reconcile himself with his sense of loss in a brief talk with his mother. This narrative framework serves as the jumping-off point for numerous digressions and reminiscences utilizing both "found" and originally photographed imagery.
1413 ::: The Least of These (2009) ::: THE LEAST OF THESE explores one of the most controversial aspects of American immigration policy: family detention. As part of the Bush administration policy to end what they termed the "catch and release" of undocumented immigrants, the U.S. government opened the T. Don Hutto Residential Center in May 2006 as a prototype family detention facility. The facility is a former medium-security prison in central Texas operated by CCA, the largest private prison operator in the country. The facility houses immigrant children and their parents from all over the world who are awaiting asylum hearings or deportation proceedings. The facility was initially activated with little media attention or public knowledge. Soon, however, immigration attorney Barbara Hines was contacted by detainees seeking representation, and she became increasingly concerned about the troubling conditions there. She joined forces with Vanita Gupta of the ACLU and Michelle Brané of the Women's Refugee Commission to investigate conditions and seek changes. Their efforts were initially hampered by a lack of openness and oversight within the Immigration & Customs Enforcement (ICE) organization. Undeterred, the three attorneys attempted to bring about changes in both policy and conditions, by making their findings public, encouraging involvement by activists and the media, and ultimately by filing a historic lawsuit. As these events unfold, the film explores the government rationale for family detention, conditions at the facility, collateral damage, and the role (and limits) of community activism in bringing change. The film leads viewers to consider how core American rights and values - due process, presumption of innocence, upholding the family structure as the basic unit of civil society, and America as a refuge of last resort - should apply to immigrants, particularly children.
1414 ::: Beskonechnost (1992) ::: Reflecting on meaning of life, the hero of the movie involuntarily becomes the real participant of own memoirs. His fellow traveler - he 20 years ago, the young young man who isn't burdened with life experience at which still ahead - both sins and virtues. The hero as if anew passes the course of life, comes back to sources, learns the roots.
1415 ::: Sent Away Boys (2016) ::: What happens to families in the absence of sons? What happens to land in the absence of farmers? What happens to communities in the absence of men? Sent Away Boys weaves together testaments of individual ambitions and family biographies from Punjab, India to chronicle the gradual transformation of agrarian landscape and patriarchal traditions through ongoing transnational migration.
1416 ::: Voices in Celebration (1991) ::: Filmed on location and behind the scenes at the National Gallery, the film provides a witty and often idiosyncratic journey into the workings of a major museum, revealing its history, its dedication to building and conserving a permanent collection, and its commitment to creating a lively center in which people can see, study, and most importantly, enjoy great works of art. The film underscores the many ways in which art can move, amuse, and challenge - enriching the lives of people of all ages.
1417 ::: Tujh Se Hee Raabta (2015) ::: They say the true test of love is not when lovers are together but comes when they are separated and realize that despite the distance, Love is still there. Such is the story of "Tujh Se Hee Raabtaa"... a wondrously beautiful web of human relations. Newly-weds Farhan and Anum are the epitome of true love. With dreams of a perfect future in their eyes, they are all set to start their life together as man and wife. Fate however, has something else planned for the young couple. Life takes an unexpected turn when Farhan and Anum meet with an unfortunate accident on the night of their wedding. The accident leaves Anum in a coma and Farhan completely shattered. As time passes, Anum lies in a lifeless state with Farhan refusing to give up on her but due to unforeseen circumstances Farhan's love for Anum is put to the test and the two are separated. Farhan marries Sofia who is a doting wife and also pregnant with their first child. Despite having everything in life, the void in Farhan's heart remains. He is unable to cut the ties of his heart that are so tightly bound to Anum. All of Farhan's dormant feelings and memories are reawakened when Anum regains consciousness and comes back in to his life. Anum awakens to a world which is alien to her and is left hurt and confused when she gets to know about Farhan's second marriage. Farhan takes Anum home to a pregnant Sofia and the true test of relations begins. Will Farhan be able to be fair to both his wives who have loved no other but him? Will he be able to balance his love for Anum and his responsibility towards Sofia? Will Anum be able to forgive Farhan for remarrying and shattering all her dreams of a perfect future with him? Will Sofia accept that she is no longer the only woman in Farhan's life? To find out who will win this battle of love, emotions, and reason in which nobody is wrong and no one is to blame, watch out for "Tujh Se Hee Raabtaa."
1418 ::: Mad World (2010) ::: Will is a misfit who can't catch a break: he's terrorized by his psychotic father at home and taunted by his peers at school. His only solace comes from three classmates who face similar abuse. Without guidance or a sense of purpose, the four friends spend their days getting high and commiserating until they reach a breaking point. With nothing to lose and no escape from the onslaught of ridicule, they decide to unleash their mean streaks in a whirlwind of pranks, partying and -ultimately - destruction. A delirious black comedy, Mad World is a nightmarish, drugged-out vision of growing up in conservative America. Cory Cataldo's directorial debut takes audiences to shocking depths in order to make a bold statement about living in a society where those with the least amount of sanity seem to hold the most power.
1419 ::: Alice im Land der Hoffnung (2012) ::: Alice is an Italian philosopher and activist. For three years the 31-year-old woman has been traveling between her hometown Palermo and Cologne. Whilst in Germany the prospect of a secure professorship awaits her within a year, she nevertheless feels committed to her home country. As soon as she is back there she gets involved in various organizations and begins to fight actively against injustice. She becomes particularly involved in helping Africans who are living illegally in Palermo. She helps them with applications, organizes sleeping shelters and corresponds with employers - for example when wages are not paid or working conditions become too poor. However, Alice's main preoccupations are the open doors of Africa: She expects an uncontrollable influx of people from all over Africa to Italy, Spain and Greece, where every helping hand will be needed to avoid escalation of tension between refugees and the local population.
1420 ::: Rock Paper Dice Enter (2014) ::: The film is a suspense thriller that makes every human being accountable for his or her actions. Using principles of power, chance, information, leverage and randomness, a series of events follow an intercepted diamond heist masterminded by an ordinary man named Roman, who hacks into security protocols of the city of Strathaven, the North American hub for security and prosperity.
1421 ::: Narcissists (2014) ::: Set in the near future, three facets of local law enforcement (a crooked cop, private detective and retired gangster) follow the case of a missing tourist. His disappearance will not only reflect their personal shortfalls but force them into the cold light of day as the three move ever closer to solving the case. Moreland is a police officer who has bent the law more than a few times to aid his companions. As his darkest secret comes to light his wife tries to leave and his job is threatened. On the other side of the city, a Private Investigator and ex-cop tries to locate a missing person who seems to be connected to a strange but dangerous women. Whilst all the trouble of Moreland and the our Private Inspectors lives unravel there is one character attached to them all... Jonny Rotten. Jonny seems to be an ex-solider turned bad ass gangster but is there a deeper dark secret here to be told.
1422 ::: König Heinrich IV. (1975) ::: Henry Bolingbroke has now been crowned King of England, but faces a rebellion headed by the embittered Earl of Northumberland and his son (nicknamed 'Hotspur'). Henry's son Hal, the Prince of Wales, has thrown over life at court in favour of heavy drinking and petty theft in the company of a debauched elderly knight, Sir John Falstaff. Hal must extricate himself from some legal problems, regain his father's good opinions and help suppress the uprising.
1423 ::: Leap of Fate (2016) ::: Leap of Fate is a furiously-paced cyberpunk roguelite about overcoming your fears and achieving your fate. In a New York City where magic is real, you play as a technomage who must develop unspeakable powers to confront the Crucible of Fates. Can you survive the trials?
1424 ::: Pretties for You (????) ::: Recuperating from his recent book tour, children's author Edison Mackie heads out of town to his remote mountain retreat when he crosses paths with Sally, an attractive and mysterious young hitchhiker running from her past. After an unsettling ride, Edison drops Sally at a gas station before continuing a short distance to his lakeside cabin. Their ride together, however, is far from over. After settling into his vacation routine, Edison's world erupts into violence with the arrival of two vicious thugs, Trip, Boo and The Kid. These ex-cons trash his house and beat him savagely looking for a quick score. When they can't find anything of value, they turn up the pressure by revealing that they've taken Sally hostage and will torture her if Edison doesn't come up with some money. In a desperate attempt to save Sally, Edison gets his hand on his gun and kills The Kid before Boo can restrain him. But what he didn't count on was that Sally is not a victim. She is a part of this gang, used as bait to lure in rich men so her accomplices can rob them. Alone against this vicious gang, Edison has no choice but to reveal the location of his "treasure." As Trip and Boo search the woods for Edison's stash, Sally guards the man who tried to save her life. Like the ride they shared earlier, the two play a game of cat and mouse with each other. This time Sally seems to be in charge, but the tables quickly turn as Edison's true nature is slowly revealed. Instead of finding a treasure trove, Trip discovers an underground torture chamber. And inside the trunk of Edison's trunk, Sally makes the most disturbing discovery -- an 8-year-old girl, bound and gagged. Sally confronts Edison, ready to kill stab him to death. But when she see's an odd scar on his wrist, something changes within her. She realizes that this is not the first time she's encountered Edison. They met when she was a little girl. Edison kidnapped her little sister. But nothing is what it seems. He explains that Sally's little sister was a monster. The girl in his trunk is a monster. And it is his duty to unmask them and destroy them. If they get loose...no one is safe. Sally now has the power to kill the man who abducted her sister...but who is the real monster here. Edison? Trip? Sally? Or the pretty young thing in the trunk?
1425 ::: Triumphs of a Man Called Horse (1983) ::: An Englishman, John Morgan, lives 30 years as a Sioux named Man Called Horse. In 1874, gold is discovered in the Black Hills, on tribal land guaranteed to the Sioux in the Laramie Treaty of 1868. Settlers pour in and White provocateurs try to prompt the Sioux to break the treaty (so that all-out war with the US forces will result in the land no longer being under Sioux control). They murder and make it look like Indians were responsible. Man Called Horse helps maintain calm among the tribe, but when tragedy befalls him, it's left to his son Koda and Koda's lover, a Crow named Red Wing, to devise a strategy to keep the argonauts at bay and the Black Hills sacred.
1426 ::: Lazaro: An Improvised Film (2017) ::: After the death of Lazaro his friends lost contact. Now his brother will reunite them to discover the instructions that Lazaro left for them before he died and face the reality of the choices they made. They will be drawn into a final meeting to say goodbye to the memories they built together, take responsibility for what they've done to one another.
1427 ::: "Was geht ab beim Stadtfest in Ronnenberg?" (2011) ::: Three stages with live music, enjoyed the many visitors. Even Miss Lower Saxony 2011, Saskia Höfler, gave autographs. INSANE, one of the top-acts, was founded in November 2010: - Roger Reichert, guitar and vocals - Vincent Wüstefeld, guitar - Josephine Klein, bass and vocals - Rouven Reichert, drums and Clemens Damerau, keyboard (as a guest).
1428 ::: Insayt (2015) ::: Pavel Zuev has to start his life over from darkness after he loses his sight in an accident. The young man has to learn again how to eat, walk, wash himself, do simple housework, and even how to look out of the window without seeing anything. All connections to his previous life are broken. In this new life blind Zuev encounters an exceptional woman capable of seeing more than other people. Her name sounds symbolic - Nadezhda (translates as 'hope' into English) and she works at the local hospital. Nadezhda will help Zuev find his strength and a new sense of existing. These equally strong but otherwise different people spend together what, perhaps, will be the best days of their lives; but everything has an ending.
1429 ::: Aesui San Francisco (1975) ::: Seung-ho struggles to understand why his wife kept the fact that she had a daughter in Korea a secret from him all these years. Now the girl unexpectedly has shown up on their doorstep in San Francisco hoping to undergo surgery in te USA and asking for her mother's financial support
1430 ::: Analar ölmez (1976) ::: Sezer, the little boy is stunned by the fact that, his mother is alive and a villager. Being her mother is a villager is a fact his father is ashamed of and the reason for keeping as a secret. After discovering the facts and meeting his mom, Sezer and his mother Kezban plan a game and a lesson for the father.
1431 ::: Sweet Sexteen (????) ::: After a "sexting" scandal causes bullied high school outcast Belinda to take her life, the popular clique responsible for her torment became the tormented: cyber stalked and harassed by an unseen (and possibly undead) killer out for revenge.
1432 ::: Graz fliegt! - Europäische Kulturhauptstadt 2003 (2003) ::: The TV-opening-show of graz03 - Cultural Capital of Europe, Desirée Nosbusch talking with international artists, stars and the makers of graz03. In this talk-show broadcasted via 3sat all over Europe, the programme of the Cultural Capital 2003 is presented and discussed with various and famous literates and all the experts and protagonists of graz03. Highlights of the show, in addition, are the performances of Japanese drummers and the brass formation Mnozil Brass who were delighting many notables and VIPs of Austria's high society.
1433 ::: The Meek (2007) ::: The Meek, created by a group of high schoolers led by director Ittai Orr, follows the lives of two complete misfits in high school, Chris (Luke LaSalle) and Amber (Jillian Klym), as they attempt to find beauty, friendship and love. Though they encounter only hypocrisy and selfishness from others, the two eventually find hope.
1434 ::: Juicy Confessions the Females (2005) ::: A conflicted writer, Myles Hurston, sets out on a mission to find an interesting story for his new book. His search leads him to a group of ordinary women, who agree to share their inner secrets on the condition that they get paid. But as the stories unfold into juicy confessions, Myles finds himself more conflicted than when he started. Filled with drama and unbelievable situations, Juicy Confessions the Females will have you on the edge as you anticipate what the next confession could possibly be, but with unexpected twists and turns you just need to get ready to DIG THE BONES OUT OF THE CLOSET!
1435 ::: On the Pool Patio with Ilya Salkind (2011) ::: Welcome to the Salkind Universe. An era that changed how Hollywood sees Superman and other related characters on film and television. In this documentary you will get an in-depth interview with Ilya Salkind, the father behind the madness....
1436 ::: Cinematic Titanic: The Wasp Woman (2008) ::: Janice Starlin, purveyor of her own line of cosmetics, finds herself nearing middle-age (in a time when 38 was the new 94). A stranger with an accent and an unnatural love of wasps enters her life and promises her the elixer that will prolong her youth forever - until the wasp becomes the wasped. This version of THE WASP WOMAN has been altered by CINEMA TITAN, L.L.C.
1437 ::: A Day in the Life (2006/II) ::: In suburban Michigan, four twenty-somethings struggle with life, love, and the meaning of their existence as a way to avoid boredom. Meanwhile, the narrator of the film tries to keep everything running smoothly even as an evil photographer plots to overthrow the movie.
1438 ::: D'Belle Epoque (2012) ::: August 1914, Belle, a young well-bred lady and Betty, her chambermaid, discover a big trunk in the attic. When they manage to open it, thousand of photos and postcards spread all over the floor to form a pile of memories. Thus, the ladies start to reminisce about what was called "la Belle Époque".
1439 ::: "Upp till kamp" (2007) ::: Four friends, Tommy, Lena, Erik and Rebecca, meet, love and socialize in Gothenburg, Sweden 1965-1976. The 68-generation. Surrounded by expanding industry and welfare, improving living conditions, but also mostly well-intentioned Social Democratic supervision. Rock music, the anti Vietnam war movement and drug problems. Lena joins the militant left-wing. Erik becomes a pacifist. Tommy a heroin addict and flower child. But things change.
1440 ::: HR 805 (2017) ::: A group of high school students lives converge in the first class of the day where their victories and defeats are brought to light through a dramatic look at the issues that plague teens today, with the ultimate focus being that of finding redemption in a dark and broken world.
1441 ::: Nadra (????) ::: In 1950, a custody battle over a 13-year-old Dutch girl, Bertha Hertogh turns into a violent clash between East and West. The court case and bloody riots that followed in Singapore shattered the lives of the little Jungle Girl, Bertha and all those around her. Twenty-five years later, old wounds are reopened as three of the survivors are reunited in a struggle to find the truth.
1442 ::: The world or nothing (2017) ::: Il mondo o niente is the isolated and fantasized south of Italy. But this other world is very close, crossed by a modernity blended with an idealized archaism: peasants have iPhone 6 and wolves respond to the sound of a megaphone, while mysterious machines observe the stars and an oil refinery poisons the waters of the territory.
1443 ::: Thunder Ninja Kids: The Hunt for the Devil Boxer (1991) ::: All Satan needs to enslave the souls of all mankind is the Sacred Sword which is kept by Master William and his son Falcon. The Thunder Ninja Kids battle Satan and his ghouls, and with the help of Falcon's new master Samson, they avenge Master William's murder, vanquish Satan and save mankind.
1444 ::: Olympos: Thanatos stin katoikia ton theon (1986) ::: A Greek "Rambo First Blood" rip-off starring Nikos Tsachiridis. Shot on video.
1445 ::: Los que se quedan (2008) ::: Those Who Remain is a film about the families of those who have crossed the border to the United States in search of better opportunities. During eleven months the directors followed the everyday life of nine families in six different states of Mexico. They developed a personal relationship with children, grandparents, mothers, husbands, and teenagers. In the film we see them at work, at rest, and playing while they reveal their hopes, fears and dreams through the simple things that they enjoy in life. The result is a deep and intimate conversation with the Mexican soul.
1446 ::: En verden til forskel (1989) ::: Two young boys at an orphanage somewhere in Yugoslavia decide one day on making an escape. The younger, Jens plans to look for his father in Copenhagen (Denmark), while the older one, Hassec wishes to find his brother in Hamburg (Germany). This movie is about their scary and adventurous journey across Europe. When they finally meet their relatives, not everything turns up being as they expected.
1447 ::: Principal Dancer (2017) ::: PRINCIPAL DANCER is a mesmerizing look on how a young artist's journey is defined by his ability to challenge his own limits and to reinvent himself. Brazilian hip-hop performer turned into Royal Ballet's principal dancer Thiago Soares unveils the backstage of the Royal Opera House, in London, as he rehearses alongside some of the most outstanding names in contemporary dance - and prepares to go back home, in Rio de Janeiro, where he'll face one of his life's most challenging presentations.
1448 ::: The Garden of Earthly Delights (2004) ::: Based on his own novel Metaphysics, Lech Majewski crafts intimate passion plays and creates "a luminous, highly erotic treatise on art, love and death" (CHICAGO READER). When a terminally-ill art historian meets an engineer, it is love and lust at first sight. But their love is threatened by her looming illness. With her remaining days on earth numbered, she chooses to fan the flames of her obsession by taking her lover on a trip to Venice, where the artist's work becomes the background for their physical passion and emotional discovery.
1449 ::: Poszukiwany, poszukiwana (1973) ::: Stanislaw works in an art museum in Warsaw; it's not a very well-paid job, and his boss is a bit of a martinet. When a painting is found to be missing from the store room, the boss accuses Stanislaw and gives him 24 hours to return it, or go to jail. Well, Stanislaw is innocent, so he can't return it, and he decides to borrow some of his wife's clothes and her wig, and go into hiding as a woman, Maria. He gets a job as housemaid, although his practical home skills are pretty well non-existent, but a succession of amorous husbands, difficult children, and eccentric bosses drives him from one job to the next. Meanwhile his efforts to keep in touch with his wife lead to her becoming suspicious of his involvement with another girl he is talking to, and then when he kisses his wife amourously, the girl is scandalised to see what appear to be two women kissing. [This was 1973 in Poland, remember.] Finally he gets a decent place working for the director of an architectural practice; but this man has to write and deliver a presentation on the merits of his town-planning proposals, and this is not his strong point. Stanislaw (as Maria) helps with the text, and this is so successful that the boss wants Maria to accompany him to the presentation itself. However, there is a snag: Maria would have to pretend to be a man! The boss finds an old suit and tells Maria to put it on; but he isn't impressed with the result and castigates Maria for making such a poor show as a man. Obviously Maria is still walking and sitting down like a girl, so the boss's wife gives "Maria" some coaching in male body language. Will Stanislaw be trapped forever on the run and pretending to be Maria?
1450 ::: Dry Martini (1928) ::: Upon hearing that his daughter Elizabeth, is coming from America to visit him in Paris, wealthy Willoughby Quimby, decides to give up dry martinis and women. However, Elizabeth seeks a wild time and ends up leaving France with her father's drinking buddy, Freddie, and Willoughby goes back to his dry martinis.
1451 ::: Sadako 3D 2 (2013) ::: Fuko Ando (Miori Takimoto) is a 24-years-old graduate student in psychology. She is tasked to take care of her 4-year-old niece. Soon, mysterious events occur around her niece. She then learns of an incident involving a cursed video that took place 5 years earlier. Fuko Ando finds herself involved with the cursed video. The outcast four year-old girl Nagi does not have friends and is bullied at the Yuki kindergarten. She misses her mother and is raised by her aunt, the student of psychology Fűko Andô, who is the sister of Takanori Andô that works at the Asakawa General Hospital. There are weird deaths in Tokyo and Nagi makes drawings of the crime scenes before the happenings. Fűko is concerned with the creepy drawings and shows them to her professor. However she tells that Fűko shall not worry since she is projecting her own feelings on the drawings since her mother committed suicide. Meanwhile the police inspector Kakiuchi seeks out Mr. Koiso that tells him that the responsible for the deaths is Sadako and Akane Ayukawa, who was possessed by Sadako. Nagi continues to make drawings showing the deaths and Fűko is scared. She brings Nagi to a session with her professor and Nagi scares the psychologist, but she does not disclose her feelings to her student. Fűko tells her fears about Nagi to her brother and asks him if Nagi is his daughter with Akane but he does not reply the question. Kakiuchi meets Takanori and asks questions about Akane and Nagi. Meanwhile Fűko visits the criminal Seiji Kashiwada in the prison and finds the truth about Nagi. When Fűko meets Takanori, he reveals that Akane is alive but in coma and holding Sadako in her body. Fűko meets Nagi and the girl asks to see her mother. What will Fűko do?
1452 ::: Onde a Terra Acaba (2002) ::: On 17 May 1931, the young director Mário Peixoto released his masterpiece "Limite" in a premiere in Capitólio Theater in Rio de Janeiro to astonished audiences bewildered by the impressive and poetic images. Considered by many viewers the best Brazilian movie ever made, this feature has never been released commercially. However, in a great paradox, Mário Peixoto has never made any other movie. The director Sérgio Machado pays a great tribute to the life and work Mário Peixoto a.k.a. Maçarico by his close friends with this documentary, using his diary; footages of "Limite", the never concluded "Onde a Terra Acaba" (1933) and the short "O Homem do Morcego" (1980); and interesting testimonies of Olga Breno, Ruy Solberg, Nelson Pereira dos Santos and Walter Salles among others.
1453 ::: Christina: A Medieval Life (2008) ::: Michael Wood explores village life in 14th century England, a time of plague, war and famine. Through the use of a remarkably complete set of documentary records, he explores one village - that of Codicote in Hertfordshire - looking at its boom times and its poorer times. Wood brings the period to life by focusing in on one family, that of the poor peasant Christina Cok, her father Hugh, her estranged husband William, and her children John and Alice. By looking at the poorest members of Codicote's society, Wood approaches his history from the bottom-up rather than taking the traditional historical approach of top-down, 'kings and barons' story-telling.
1454 ::: Two-Gun Lady (1955) ::: Trick-shot artist Kate Masters, billed as "The Two-Gun Lady" begins an engagement at "Big Mike" Dougherty's saloon, and immediately arouses the jealousy and suspicion of his sweetheart, Bess. Among those attracted to Kate are Dan Corbin, a U. S. Marshal posing as a drifter, and Ben Ivers, outlaw son of crooked town-boss Jud Ivers. Ben has returned to hide his loot from the robbery of a federal bank. Kate learns that the Ivers were the men who had killed her father and mother and burned their house years ago. She tell Corbin and he heads for the Ivers' ranch to arrest Ben. Meanwhile, Ben is heading for the saloon for a showdown, fast-draw shootout with Kate. Karen Marshall arrives in the town controlled by Jud Ivers posing as Kate Masters. Her traveling companion taught her to shoot and she puts on her sharpshooting act at the saloon. But her main objective in returning is to find and kill the man that murdered her mother when she was a girl. That man is Ivers' son and when her true identity becomes known she is ready to face him in a gunfight.
1455 ::: Suzaki Paradaisu: Akashingô (1956) ::: A couple stand indecisively on a bridge in Asakusa. Tsutae and Yoshiji have lost confidence and passion for their future as they get on the bus for Tsukishima and get off at Suzaki. Across the bridge they see the sign for Suzaki Paradise, a red-light district where Tsutae once worked as a prostitute. Tsutae spots an ad for a waitress at a bar near the bridge and she rushes in to get the job. The kind hearted madam, Tokuko, helps them out by hiring Tsutae and finding work for Yoshiji delivering noodles. But the wanton Tsutae is soon attracted to Ochiai, a rich, generous man who owns an electrical shop specializing in radios.
1456 ::: Shiva (2009) ::: Sometimes finding love takes creativity. A middle aged Jewish woman visits Shiva houses of recently widowed men in hopes of finding love. With various tactics to attract men, Marianna Weinstein fails miserably as she does all the wrong things in the most inappropriate places. This dark comedy explores searching for companionship later in life, the cultural intricacies of mourning, and one woman's determination to find love.
1457 ::: Austin Groove: Strange Daze (2011) ::: Austin is known world wide for hippies, music and politics- which definitely makes for a diverse "Keep Austin Weird" local culture. As George Bush went from the Governor's mansion in Austin to the White house in Washington there was a new wind blowing through the Live Music Capitol of the World. This film follows the path of the Austin Music Community over a period of 11 years and how artists, musicians and filmmakers succeeded in creating an audience for original homespun television music network but was shackled when given the dubious task of turning a politically charged Public Access Channel (said to be the FIRST Public Access Channel in America) into a "for profit" entity featuring Music and Arts on a 24/7 basis supported by advertising.
1458 ::: Headin' for the Rio Grande (1936) ::: When rustlers Ike Travis and Rand call on Senator Black and offer to protect his cattle at a dollar a head, the veteran rancher curtly refuses and the departing Rand tells him he is making a big mistake. Later, a gang of rustlers raid Black's great herd but are stopped by Tex Saunders and Chili, a couple of roving range riders. The rustlers then threaten Pop Hart and his daughter Laura, who are driving a herd to the Rio Grande Valley markets. Again, Tex and Chili come to the rescue. Further down the trail the rustlers attack again with more success, fatally wound Pop Hart and make off with the herd. Tex tells Laura that he, instead of just being a footloose range rider, is the brother of Sheriff Ed Saunders and both of them have made a vow to exterminate Travis and his gang. Tex later kills one of the rustlers in self defense but is jailed on suspicion of murder. He escapes and goes after the gang while Senator Black obtains the assistance of the Texas Rangers. The title song was written by Tex Ritter and Stanley Davis, while "The Night Herding Song", "A Campfire Love Song" and "Jailhouse Lament" were all co-written by Tex Ritter and Jack C. Smith.
1459 ::: "What Matters?" (2011) ::: Each year the What Matters? Competition, run by the Whitlam Institute asks the question to students in years 5 to 12 across NSW and the ACT: "Tell us what matters to you in 400-600 words?" The competition is inspired by former Prime Minister Gough Whitlam's determination to involve the people of Australia in shaping the nation's future.
1460 ::: It's Food! With Vanessa Charbonne (2016) ::: Former Miss Arizona 2004 and Channel 18 spokesmodel, Vanessa Charbonne, has been fired with her crown revoked all due to an unsavory and very public DUI. Or was it because she gained too much weight? Perhaps it was because she was sleeping with the married head of the network. Either way, she's got 100 hours of community service to finish, and Probation Officer Marty has offered to let her do an educational online lifestyle show (like Martha Stewart living) for the women of her sleepy Arizona town. Watch as the now plus sized Vanessa tries to get her job, her crown, and her dignity back- one lifestyle lesson at a time!
1461 ::: 95 and 6 to Go (2016) ::: Tom Takesue is a hard-working, practical Japanese-American raised in Hawai'i, who discovers his filmmaking aspirations at the age of ninety when he becomes invested in "re-writing" a feature love story that his granddaughter is developing. His unusual script doctoring reveals larger concerns about love, loss, unrealized dreams, and mortality.
1462 ::: A Thousand Words (2008/II) ::: Down-and-out photographer Vaughan Edwards ends up with the responsibility of caring for his niece following the untimely death of his sister. Never having been the fatherly type, Vaughan tries to accommodate Kaya's vibrant personality but ultimately seeks a way out of his new role. He contacts Janet, his sister's former best friend and Kaya's birth mother. When Vaughan is able to convince her to come and meet the child, he knows that his freedom is not far away. However, he also realizes that this may not be as good an outcome as he thought.
1463 ::: Trump: The Art of the Insult (2018) ::: Donald Trump dominated the 2016 Presidential with a master plan of political incorrectness, using The Art of the Insult to brand political opponents and bash the media all the way to the White House. In this film, Trump emerges as a marketing genius and performance artist who, despite being a Manhattan billionaire, captured the hearts of middle America. Critics are calling The Art of the Insult "the most entertaining political documentary ever!"
1464 ::: Ghost Stories: Walking with the Dead (2007) ::: Explore haunted sites around the state with filmmaker Dan T. Hall as he searches for answers to questions that still resonate from his Documentary Central State. Asylum for the Insane. "Are these real experiences?" Go inside the Rivoli Theater closed since 1994 in search of evidence of "Lady Rivoli". Walk back in time to the Tuckaway House as turn of the century celebrities are said to still be felt at the spiritual hour of 3AM. And the follow film crew through the Hartford City Jail and witness unexplained phenomena as members wander through the cells and traverse the dungeon level. These and other unexplained events are captured in this Documentary Ghost Stories, Walking with the Dead. "Every night the spirit makes itself known" Charlie Chulchian owner of the Rivoli Theater.
1465 ::: Loving & Cheating (2005) ::: Traditional marriage vows ask couples to "forsake all others." Marrying partners look each other deep in the eye and say "yes." But does monogamy work? LOVING & CHEATING explores the gray areas of commitment and infidelity and with ardor and provocation touches issues everyone can identify with, but rarely anyone wants to talk about. A former male stripper and his wife discuss the effects of their mutual affairs; a young engaged couple confront their differing views on cheating; a Baptist minister and his wife reflect on the success of their 50 year marriage; a middle-aged couple who call themselves "poly-amorous" explain how they opened their marriage. The widely read advice columnist Dan Savage weighs in with his audacious opinions, along with other therapists and other "sexperts." Interwoven throughout the film are surprising and hilarious archival clips from news reels, sexploitation films and home movies.
1466 ::: Danger Beneath the Sea (2001) ::: Commander Miles Sheffield is a rising star in the US Navy, patronized by Admiral Eugene Justice, to the silent envy of many, including his XO and Chief on his first command mission aboard a nuclear submarine, the Lansing. This maiden voyage also turns out to be the ultimate challenge: a failed Korean nuclear missile causes a disastrous explosion which knocks his means of communications out of order, so he fears to be incommunicado in a nuclear war against an unknown enemy. Now his rivals believe his inexperience and unwillingness to man battle stations amount to desertion in war time, and plan a mutiny: they have the doctor skip him for necessary iodine shots so he'll be too sick to resist when the XO seizes command- his loyal supporters must get it back fast, for even the admiral sees no alternative then have the nearby Mako hunt them down to eliminate them before they start World War III...
1467 ::: X500 (2016) ::: Maria arrives to Montreal from Manila to live with her grandmother and struggles to adapt to her new environment; Afro-Colombian Alex is deported from the US to Colombia, in his old neighborhood now controlled by criminals; David leaves his indigenous village after his father's death to find work on a construction site in Mexico City. The film follows these three teenagers living in different cities of the Americas yet going through the same experience of grief, migration and transformation.
1468 ::: Rump-Shaker 5 (1996) ::: Three business partners think of a way to draw attention to their new night club, they come up with the idea of having a contest for the club's main "rumpshaker girl". The three then separately audition different women for the contest, each making sure they have the right moves to be a "rumpshaker".
1469 ::: Red Dog. Scooter. Applesauce. (2006) ::: Martin decides to take a trip to see his childhood friend, Giggs, in Tahoe. His vacation is interrupted by an unexpected travel partner, Annie. Martin discovers his old buddy is definitely not the guy he once knew, he's now a spy, working for who knows who. To make matters worse, Martin's new friend, Annie, wants to be more than a friend. Martin must decide which is more dangerous: affection or ammunition...but first, Martin must survive an intimidating Italian man (and his poodle), a Cuban intelligence agent (the OTHER CIA) with a Japanese accent, and two members of the CIA that may really be MIA from the FBI. RED DOG. SCOOTER. APPLESAUCE. are code words for "somewhere between THE IN-LAWSand GROSSE POINT BLANK."
1470 ::: 25 Ways to Kill a Werewolf (????) ::: 25 Ways To Kill a Werewolf follows Elkie, a teenager living in a rural community on the verge of graduating high school. A chance encounter finds Elkie fighting for her life as a she finds herself the focus of a perverse game as she is hunted by a cabal of Werewolves and their mysterious benefactor. Elkie must now fight for her life while trying to uncover the secret of the werewolves. Her only ally is her childhood best friend Dave, whose fascination with werewolves may be as dangerous as the werewolves themselves.
1471 ::: Harlan - Im Schatten von Jud Süß (2008) ::: Though almost forgotten today, 'Veit Harlan' (qv) was one of Nazi Germany's most notorious filmmakers. His most perfidious film was the treacherous anti-Semitic propaganda film _Jud Süß (1940)_ (qv) - required viewing for all SS members. An unrepentant and blindly obsessive craftsman, no figure - save for 'Leni Riefenstahl' (qv) - is as closely associated with the cinema of the Holocaust years. (Harlan's epic _Kolberg (1945)_ (qv) was the basis for _Inglourious Basterds (2009)_ (qv)'s pivotal film-within-a-film Stolz Der Nation.) This documentary is an eye-opening examination of World War II film history as well as the story of a German family from the Third Reich to the present; one that is marked by reckoning, denial and liberation.
1472 ::: Fool's Gold: California Raodtrip in an Election Year (2012) ::: America's West: where the good life includes sustainable income, development of land use, the rise of a town, and the horror of its crash and burn. FOOLS GOLD: CALIFORNIA ROAD TRIP in an ELECTION YEAR, features America's dream of a better tomorrow; while asking what is the nature of our "work" and how does that impact us, our surroundings and the environment? We are drawn into a bizarre mix that includes a mining town, its adjoining attraction of unique prehistoric rock formations used by Hollywood for science-fiction movie sets, a salt lake bed and the mineral wealth of borax incorporated, along with personal stories of elderly residents who experienced the live-work experiment that eventually resulted in a mass layoff and exodus. The edit weaves together different genres revealing actions, desires, and mindsets similar to those who gravitated to the West during the era of Manifest Destiny. Scientific and historic facts about the Gold Rush, the 1980's and current times, entwine with the story of Cain's intention towards his brother Abel, and Zombies found in many horror movies, that nonetheless, parallels human desire and its habits of consumption.
1473 ::: Unknown 274 (1917) ::: The arrest in America of a foreigner for evading military service in his native land results in his daughter becoming "No. 274" in an orphanage. She is later adopted by a couple who plan to sell her into matrimonial slavery, but she wins the love of a rich young man, who marries her. Later she is reunited with her father through playing a violin, to which she has clung through all her misadventures.
1474 ::: JFK: Seven Days That Made a President (2013) ::: 'JFK: Seven Days That Made a President' investigates the seven key days in JFK's life that helped shape his character and have come to define him. They include the day he nearly died as a teenager from a mystery illness; the day, as a PT boat captain his boat was sunk by a Japanese destroyer killing two of his crew; the first televised presidential debate with Richard Nixon, his birthday party in New York with Marilyn Monroe; the Cuban Missile Crisis.
1475 ::: Musical Outsiders: An American Legacy (1994) ::: American composers have long struggled against the momentum of the Western European classical tradition and the prestige it has held in America's cultural life. "I did not want to have any stricture at all, I wanted to be completely free." So spoke Harry Partch, describing not only his own path, but also that of two other influential American composers: Lou Harrison and Terry Riley. They were attracted to musical ideas and sounds outside of the surrounding classical mainstream. Together they offer a deeper understanding of what those alternatives are and how they have affected American culture.
1476 ::: Auf die ganz harte Tour (2004) ::: In this extraordinary erotic film nothing is quite as it seems. A sexy but ruthless property developer (Tyra Misoux) and her scheming lawyer are trying to get their hands on the farm owned by widower Stephan. But no matter how much money they offer him Stephan is not interested in selling his farm. What the prospective buyers don't know is that Stephan's dead wife (Katsumi) has never left the farm. Her ghost is watching over the property and coming to her husband for some supernatural sex. The lawyer tries to blackmail Stephan by hiring a prostitute and taking photos of him with her. But the lawyer is stunned when the photos show himself screwing around with her. So his boss takes matters into her own hands when she tries to seduce Stephan but finds she is riding his ghostly wife's strap-on as well.
1477 ::: True Dreams (2002) ::: How many movies have you seen where at the end the main character wakes up, causing he and the audience to simultaneously realize that everything they witnessed beforehand was "just a dream?" This film takes that principal but instead of deceiving, the story invites you to watch the main characters dream away. With "True Dreams," Allen takes the term dream sequence to a whole new level: he lets his audience in on the joke, while they watch the two main characters run around unaware of the reality/fantasy of their surroundings. It's pretty clear from the start that Colby and Liz have both fallen asleep and are dreaming. But whose dream is it? And which city does this dream take place in, New York, or Baltimore? Within the context of these dreams, we also see flashbacks of how the couple met and ultimately broke up. These episodes, existing within Liz & Colby's dreams, also suggest that, all along, like Edgar Allan Poe's famous quote, their "[lives are] nothing but a dream within a dream."
1478 ::: Angels (2012/I) ::: Two friends, one a cop in Thailand, the other special forces, hunt down the murderer of the police officer's beautiful daughter. Suspenseful, tense and loaded with action. The two friends search the streets of Bangkok in this excellent, murder mystery.
1479 ::: Gue a-chim-eui pung-gyung (2006) ::: Ji-ho, 9 year-old boy, has hard time because of absence of his father. His family, sisters and mother conceals their sadness and they hide their nostalgia. And what is more, they even don't console each other. But exceptionally that morning, they reconcile to each other and understand each other.
1480 ::: Nostradamus: 500 Years Later (2003) ::: The life story of Nostradamus unfolded in medieval Europe at the time of the Great Plague and the Inquisition. He lived in an age of superstition and magic and believed that he could foretell the future. For this he was labeled both a prophet and a heretic, and his cryptic journals continue to inspire controversy just as they did in the 16th century. In this two hour examination of his life, we visit his birthplace in France and trace his career as doctor, astrologer, father and seer.
1481 ::: Mas Iss Neun Bi Haeng (2015) ::: An innocent actress runs away from the scandal with an idol, the impudent idol that ruined her career, a passionate manager who is devoted to her and his ex-girlfriend who is now a sexy stewardess. These four that should never be together run into each other in an airplane. No one can run away and the most cheeky and erotic things happen here.
1482 ::: She Would Never Be Missed (1999) ::: When a bail jumper hires a company to help her flee the country, she didn't realize what was in store for her once she was on foreign soil. The same could be said of the beautiful bounty hunter who was sent to arrest her. Three vignettes featuring other bound and gagged Harmony Concept beauties follow.
1483 ::: Putesestvije jednoga portreta (1984) ::: "The Journey of a Portrait" - In an elderly woman's attic an old oil painting of a nobleman was found. Is it a masterpiece of the 19th century Austro Hungarian master painter Constantin Daniel, or just a fake? Carrying the portrait from museums to galleries and appraisers, the film crew is out to find the truth.
1484 ::: Bibi (????/I) ::: BIBI is a 15-year-old former child soldier hired by a British ex-patriot to kill his enemies in this post-civil war African country. When one of the enemies could quite possibly be Bibi's long lost father, an intriguing triangle emerges. Who can this boy trust? The man that pays him to kill or the father who left him to die? Bibi, a 15-year-old former child soldier hired by a British ex-patriot to kill his enemies in this post-civil war African country. When one of the enemies could quite possibly be Bibi's long lost father, an intriguing triangle emerges. Who can this boy trust? The man that pays him to kill or the father who left him to die?
1485 ::: Orgasmic Birth: The Best-Kept Secret (2008) ::: An award-winning documentary revealing the emotional, spiritual, and physical heights attainable through birth. Witness the intimate experiences of 11 women and partners. "Watch this film and get in on the world's best-kept secret: labor and birth can be pleasurable- even ecstatic. Pleasurable birth creates a positive foundation for a lifetime." Christiane Northrup, MD, bestselling author.
1486 ::: The War on Whaling (2017) ::: Whaling was bitterly debated on the international political stage for decades. But Norway never succumbed to international pressure, and has continued its long history of whaling. Today, the protests have stopped, researchers have agreed hunting is humane and sustainable, the industry is flourishing. The fisherman on the ship Kato continue to stalk the Barents Sea hunting for Minke Whales.
1487 ::: Fun (2018) ::: Tony is taking his little sister Brenda to the park one day and she escapes his grip and races towards the park without him. Despite his warning she enters the woods area of the park where she makes a startling discovery that may be linked to a troubling part of Tony's past relationship. Tony decides to spend some time with his younger sister Brenda and takes her the park. On their way there she escapes his grip and darts into the park without his supervision. Despite his warnings she enters the woods located somewhere in the park. After sometime of playing be herself in the woods Brenda makes a startling discovery that may be linked to a troubled relationship in Tony's past.
1488 ::: A Little Piece of Sunshine (1990) ::: Sunshine, an idyllic and almost forgotten island under British rule, is shortly to become independent. But a few days before this event is to take place, the British governor of the island is shot. Her Majesty's secret service is called in and Sam McCready asks Desmond Hannah of Scotland Yard to take charge of the case. When Hannah arrives on Sunshine, he notices the subdued atmosphere of fear reigning there. An aggressive presidential election campaign is being conducted, but neither of the two candidates appears to be very trustworthy. The attractive widow Lady Beatrix Coltrane tells Hannah that most of the island's inhabitants are not looking forward to independence because they fear that either of the two candidates for the presidency will abuse the island for his own benefit. One of them, Tomson, is probably involved in illegal drug-peddling in connection with the Colombian Medellin cartel; the other one, Livingstone, is said to be collaborating with the Cuban government. Lady Beatrix' representations are confirmed by Reverend Drake, the island's priest, whom Hannah also discovers to be a strict opponent of independence. Ernie Favaro, a policeman from Miami, arrives on Sunshine. He is investigating the murder of one of his colleagues by members of the Medellin cartel. A hot trail has brought him to the island. The two cases could be connected, and Hannah and Favaro agree to collaborate. But as they have no official permission to carry on their investigations, they are in constant danger of being arrested by the local chief constable, himself suspected of corrupt behaviour. Shortly after the two policemen called on Tomson, one of the candidates for the presidency, somebody tries to kill them. But they are able to intercept and arrest the gunner. To their surprise, he is none other than Reverend Drake. He claims to have missed the target on purpose, intending to draw the attention of the international press to the precarious political situation on the island. After the arrest of Reverend Drake, the chief constable at last has a pretext for apprehending Hannah and Favaro for illegal possession of firearms. But suddenly, to everybody's surprise, Sam McCready arrives on the scene and identifies himself as the interim governor of the island. He takes charge of the case himself. Lady Beatrix makes certain insinuations which lead Hannah to conjecture that she is the perpetrator of the governor's death. Her motive, like Drake's, appears to have been to draw inter-national attention to Sunshine. But Hannah has no proof for his theory. Meanwhile, Ernie Favaro believes to have found a hot scent in the case of his murdered colleague. When he had called on candidate Tomson, he had noticed a valuable edition of Milton's "Paradise Lost". This is the book his murdered collegue had mentioned in connection with the Medellin cartel. Favaro is able to convince governor Sam McCready that Tomson's house must be searched. But the governor prefers the elegant British solution and pays an official first visit to Tomson. This gives Favaro the opportunity to pocket the book. In it, he finds a microfilm with incriminatory data such as the names, bank accounts, business partners, funds etc. of the Medellin cartel. Tomson is shot when he tries to leave Sunshine. The presidential election is postponed until further notice. Sam McCready, who has already become used to the comforts of a diplomat's life, drinks to Lady Beatrix health on her veranda. He is quite willing to let sleeping dogs lie where the death of his predecessor is concerned, and to ask the widow no further questions...
1489 ::: Be dune saade chaar (2009) ::: Anant Kitturkar (Mohan Joshi) has achieved the extraordinary feat of marrying two women - Manorama (Vandana Gupte) and Anjali (Mugdha Shah) - who are unaware of each other's existence. Lies, deceit and fake identities have made Anant confident that he will take his secret to his grave. But there's something else in store for him. And now it's pay-off time. Anant Kitturkar (Mohan Joshi) is happily married to Manorama (Vandana Gupte) and has a daughter Rashmi(Sai Tamhanker). Anant has a secret that only his best friend know about. He has another wife, Anjali (Mugdha Shah) along with a son Rahul(Sushant Shelar) in a different city. Anant leads a double marital life and the crazy way he handles both his family collaborates to hilarious situations. Things take a drastic turn when his friends in one tight situation are forced to reveal Anant's secret. How will Anant tackle his two families? Watch a single man take on the mammoth task of handling two wives. Anant Kitturkar (Mohan Joshi) is married to two women - Manorama (Vandana Gupte) and Anjali (Mugdha Shah) - who are unaware of each other's existence. Lies, deceit and fake identities have made Anant confident that this secret will go with him to his grave. But there's something else in store for him. As it happens, due to some stupid mistakes of Dhodapkar (Atul Parchure) - his friend and the only confidante - Anant has to sabotage at any cost the meeting between his two children Rahul (Sushant Shelar) and Rashmi (Saie Tamhankar) who are unaware of their common father, else he would be exposed big time. The plan: Bandyaa (Sanjay Narvekar) is to meet Rashmi as Rahul Kitturkar and make a bad impression about himself. Unfortunately for Anant, Bandyaa falls in love with Rashmi and threatens to expose Anant's dual identity to both his wives and children, which leaves Anant flabbergasted and gasping again for a solution. Now starts the 'Tom and Jerry' show between Anant and Bandyaa, wherein both of them try to outwit each other. Hilarious situations arise out of this major confusion. Added to all this confusion is few more characters like Sharmila (Resham Tipnis) who really is a bar dancer but is also known as Mrs. Anjali Kitturkar to some - and Dhodapkar who is also known as Mr. Anant Kitturkar to some - The story reaches an unbelievable plane where too many fake identities of Anant, Rahul and Dhodapkar are presented to the two set of families. One is mistaken for the other in this film of mistaken identities and this leads to a spate of events that follows a hilarious comedy ending.
1490 ::: Chautauqua: An American Narrative (2011) ::: Chautauqua: An American Narrative captures the unique environment and opportunities provided by the Chautauqua Institution. The program focuses on the contemporary story of Chautauqua today while using the Institution's rich history to provide context and perspective. It is an exploration of this uniquely American experience and its pervasive-- yet sometimes forgotten-- place in American culture and history.
1491 ::: The Road to Nickelsville (2016) ::: The residents of Nickelsville, an organized homeless encampment in Seattle Washington, share how they became homeless; caution how quickly it can happen, and how they persevere. Director of the Low Income Housing Institute, and a district court judge who presides over child custody cases involving homeless families, provide institutional context.
1492 ::: LawMaster (????) ::: All Sheriff Cole Masters wants is to raise a family with the woman he loves. But upholding the law in an era when gunfire speaks louder than words can be a risky business. Cole makes an arrest for the brutal murder of a saloon girl but the killer is the son of a wealthy rancher and it's clear the old man will do anything to see his son set free. Soon the peace of the small town is shattered with deadly force and Cole finds himself a lawman on the run for murder. The rancher wants Masters dead and the two deadly gunmen on his tail are sure they can do it. Soon blood will run as Cole Masters attempts to reclaim his tarnished star. Based on the Novel "The Tarnished Star" by Jack Martin which is the fastest selling Dark Horse Western novel ever, and was number one in the Amazon Western Chart for several weeks.
1493 ::: The Stanley Baxter Hour (1982) ::: The sketches include too many feet, Whicker's World looks at marriage, somewhere in Hell...1982, at look at the use of language in Arra Gemme, Brideshead, Charmaine Globb on Probe looks at The Conned-Sumers, the unyielding parking attendant, high expectations, the upcoming ITV winter shows, finishing with the Fast Food Follies.
1494 ::: Joy (2010/I) ::: Joy is an emotionally damaged young woman of eighteen, who was given up at birth, to grow up in homes and with foster families. She lives on the fringes of society, getting by on benefits and earning a little extra by playing the accordion in the subway. In addition, she is a skilled shoplifter and has never been caught. The film follows her closely during her dogged search for her unknown biological mother. Joy has a rather distant quality and the only times we see her animated is during her obsessive attempts to discover the identity and address of her mother. She clings to her conviction that she was the product of a loving relationship and that is why her mother called her Joy. This belief is all she has to hang onto in life. Her other activities revolve around her friend, Denise (16), who has got pregnant on purpose and is living in the home from which Joy was expelled because of bad behaviour, and her boyfriend Momo (21), a second-generation immigrant who was born and bred in Holland. Joy's search for her biological mother, have led her to an old address; on the basis of a vague physical resemblance, she assumes that the woman she finds there is her mother. She starts to follow the woman on her way to work and during shopping trips, and watches the house where she lives with her teenage daughter. Joy becomes more cheerful and more alert, and begins to develop an eye for the world around her - giving us a glimpse of the young woman she could have become if she had had a bit more luck. Then she hears someone call the woman by her name - a different name from that of her biological mother. She is profoundly shocked: her world seems to collapse around her.
1495 ::: "The New Andy Griffith Show" (1971) ::: After working for several years in the state capital for the government, Andy Sawyer learns that the mayor of his hometown is retiring from the position and is looking for an appointee to fill in for the rest of the term. Thinking it sounds like a good deal, Andy packs up and moves back home to Greenwood with his wife and two children to become the new mayor of the sleepy little southern town.
1496 ::: Frau Mercedes (2008) ::: In Bern, Sylvia Leiser has been working for 35 years in her car as a prostitute. She is known as "Mrs Mercedes", her car and working place being a Mercedes. She has been directly confronted to the mutation which took place in the underworld: Brothels have been rendered legal with the paradoxical consequence that the business doesn't submit to any more laws. Prostitution is now socially acknowledged but at the same time has lost it's glamor, and the profits are no longer what they used to be. The number of customers is always the same, yet in Bern the number of women working in the underworld has increased tenfold. To-day, "Mrs Mercedes" earns in one month what she used to earn in one day. The documentary Lady Mercedes is a portrait of the prostitute Sylvia Leiser. The film accompanies her to the part of the town where she works in Bern. There, she offers her services every evening of every week under the name of Mrs Mercedes. The film shows her also in her flat in Biel, where she is known as Mrs Leiser and lives modestly and rather lonely in an unassuming block of apartments. By interviewing her, by meeting with people of the underworld and acquaintances related to her private life, we get the opportunity of approaching the privacy of a prostitute, of understanding the meaning of daily and normal life for someone who lives in rather peculiar circumstances at the borders of society. Car prostitution is a remain of old days, coming now to an end. Only seven women wait for customers - the youngest is 55 and the oldest 74. They still work according to ancient rules which have now fallen into disuse. "Women of another stamp" as the police-constable says. Friendship does not exist in the world of prostitution, however they keep an eye on each other. The film describes the basic conflict between growing old and working as a prostitute. Sylvia is now 60 and doesn't make big money as it used to be long ago, when she would make a great show. With a touch of melancholy, Mrs Mercedes recalls the golden years, the age of mink coats, of American sport cars and of the illusion that this good time would last for ever. Today she lives in modest pecuniary circumstances, she might have become owner of houses, she says, but she preferred to take it easy. Time has left traces and a few wounds, Sylvia has built a wall around her: "perfect for the job but an obstacle in private life", as Martha Wigger, a consultant for the advising center Xenia, ascertains. An intimate and subtle portrait about aging as a prostitute, a documentary about a vanishing chapter of habits in Switzerland.
1497 ::: On the Day: The Story of the Spirit of Scotland Pipe Band (2011) ::: A documentary following a pipe band of top solo players, created from scratch for the 2008 World Pipe Band Championships. What are their chances after just six days of practice? Will they even qualify? In the end, all that matters is what happens 'on the day'. A documentary following a pipe band of top solo players, created from scratch for the 2008 World Pipe Band Championships. A riveting glimpse into the world of competitive bagpiping. You don't need to be an expert or enthusiast to enjoy this tale of talent, perseverance, and camaraderie. In August 2008 a new group featuring 40 pipers and drummers from Scotland, Ireland, Canada, Australia and the USA decided to join the 'battle of the bands'. Calling themselves The Spirit Of Scotland, and under the leadership of Pipe Major Roddy MacLeod, many of the world's top solo players (including eleven Gold Medallists) came together for the first time to attempt the impossible - to compete against legendary bands that have been around for decades. The documentary follows the band during its one and only week together, as the group assembled and practiced for the Grade 1 competition at the World Pipe Band Championships on Glasgow Green - a gathering of 8000 musicians from 16 countries. Film-maker and piper John MacDonald of Pasadena, California, and his crew followed the band almost every step of the way, from initial meetings to practices, receiving uniforms, and ending with the band's celebration after the contest. What are their chances after just six days of practice? Will they even qualify? In the end, all that matters is what happens 'on the day'.
1498 ::: David Lea's Fight Camp (2011) ::: "David Lea's Fight Camp" takes viewers inside the world of the fastest growing combat sport on the planet, Mixed Martial Arts, showcasing the warriors and their struggles to fulfill their dreams as professional fighters. It gives an in-depth look at the emotional stories behind the fighters, and the reasons why they do what they do. The series follows Toshido Mixed Martial Arts founder, David Lea, who started training professional fighters 12 years ago, as he gets his team physically and emotionally prepared for the realities of professional MMA competition. Under David's world-class guidance, Team Toshido has won numerous National titles, a World title, and has fighters competing at the highest levels of the sport. Come join "David Lea's Fight Camp" on a never before seen journey into the dramatic victories and defeats of modern day gladiators.
1499 ::: River's Crossing (2008) ::: 15 years after the death of their parents, Abigail is now living with her older sister Lydia. Odelia and Hugo were invited and flown in to train and fight in a local gym. Barber is a brawler, as well as a drummer in a band fronted by Stardust. These are lives crossing paths and media's within a story, told in an unusual manner.
1500 ::: As Aventuras Amorosas de Um Padeiro (1975) ::: In the suburb of Rio de Janeiro, the virgin student Ritinha marries the morally conservative low middle class tacky car dealer Mário, but a couple of months later she becomes very disappointed and bored with their sexual life. She has one night stand with the stupid Portuguese baker Marques, who has a crush on her, and a friend of Marques takes pictures of them having sex in his cottage. When Rita meets the black artist Saul in Pedra de Guaratiba, they become lovers, and Marques completely jealous with the situation discloses the pictures to Mário, tearing his predictable world down.
1501 ::: Snow Summit Showdown (2009) ::: Yin Yang and her dad move to the small town of Snow Summit where she meets Scotty, a spunky boy with a big, bully of a brother. The bully challenges Yin Yang to a snowboarding race, where the winner gets to rule the life of the loser. Only problem, Yin Yang can't snowboard. Can she learn in time to beat the bully?
1502 ::: Virtual Desire (1995) ::: Brad's wife Susan is mysteriously murdered. Detective Crank has too many other things to do than find her killer so he tells Brad to do some of his own detective work. Brad begins recounting all of his affairs that his has had with women he met on an internet fantasy line. From these women, he must try and decide which one killed his wife and why.
1503 ::: How to Be a Player (1997) ::: Dray is a young playboy whose only objective in life seems to be to have sex with as many girls as he can without getting caught by his girlfriend Lisa. Dray's sister Jenny and her friend Katrina plan to show him that the way he lives is wrong and organize a party in Malibu, inviting all of his girlfriends.
1504 ::: Prisionera (1998) ::: First Dominican Christian's movie by VideoElim from Iglesia de Cristo Ministerios Elim Dominican Republic. Produced by Fernando Ortiz, Directed by Federico Segarra and Written by Cesar Santil. After premiering more than twenty thousand people have accepted Jesus as their Lord and Savior all over the world and many have been transformed through this film. It was recognized as a international film in the Film Festival Christian (WYSIWYG Christian Films Makers) in San Francisco, California in the anointing category. Prisionera presents the life of a teenager who at his young age become pregnant. His family turns his back and made the house. Young and inexperienced becomes a drug addict and criminal street. One night, she and her boyfriend are caught by police during an illegal traffic of drugs. Her boyfriend is shot and she is sentenced to seven years in prison. During his time in prison he is visited by a friend who speaks of love and mercy of God. It is an unforgettable story and presents Jesus as the only one who can restore your life. Everyone who worked on this film both actors and the technical team were Christians.
1505 ::: The Day Grandad Went Blind (1998) ::: An elderly man with failing eyesight, attends his brothers funeral, and realises that his family has bigger problems than he first thought. He discovers that his dead brother has left him a lottery ticket. Will his luck change or will fate deal a more spiteful blow.
1506 ::: La croix des vivants (1962) ::: Yan, who has just been acquitted of a crime he has not committed, returns to his Flemish village, where he meets hostility, particularly from Franz, the garage owner. Fortunately, Gus, his childhood friend refuses to follow the pack and talks his mother, the richest person in the area, into getting him a job. But Yan is soon drawn to Maria, the sultry girl Gus lives with...
1507 ::: Hercules and His Mercenaries (2014) ::: A deeper look into several main characters and the actors who performed them. Also examined is costuming and makeup, physical preparations, riding chariots, and the sense of family among the crew. We hear from cast and crew on characters and performances.
1508 ::: The Future of Adult and Career Education in Los Angeles: A Personal Plea (2012) ::: A video made by the students and teachers of Adult and Career Education as they faced the greatest assault on DACE Programs in recent history. Superintendent Deasy had sent a budget to the LA County Office of Education recommending the elimination of Adult, Career Technical and ROC/P programs in Los Angeles. The following personal plea argues the facts and statistics, as compiled by real teachers, administrators and UTLA members, in favor of continuing Adult Ed in southern California.
1509 ::: Walking Points (2016) ::: Walking Points follows three compelling story lines and illustrates the strong bond between humans and dogs. The aim of the film is to explore this intricate relationship while seeking to answer the following question: can dogs truly detect cancer in humans and if so, is early detection the answer that we have been seeking to cure cancer once and for all? We will embark on a journey in which we will learn of cancer detection dogs being trained to detect cancer in the human being by utilizing their keen olfactory senses. It has been stated by John Hopkins University that despite billions of dollars being poured into research for a cure for cancer, no modern technology can detect cancer in humans at an early stage. But dogs can. The same way that military and police dogs are being trained to detect substances such as explosives and illegal drugs, dogs can be trained to find cancer. The military has realized that despite the most expensive and successful technological devices available to the armed forces, they simply cannot compete with the dog's nose. It is only natural that we use this 'detection device' in the medical field as well.
1510 ::: "Elvira's Thriller Theatre" (1989) ::: Although not Australian, Cassandra Peterson as Elvira was the host an Australian horror television series - "Elvira's Thriller Theatre" from 1989 to 1990 on the 0-Ten Network, produced by Queen B Productions. It ran for 20 episodes, screening old horror movies which included Return of Count Yoga, The Fly and The Fly Returns. The show had a huge following, capturing 30% of the Australian viewing market, with 50% of fan mail being written by women.
1511 ::: Young Romance (1915) ::: Young Romance, released in 1915, is a recent rediscovery that forever silences the claim that refined comedy cannot be conveyed via the screen. This disguise plot, worthy of an Elizabethan drama, was written by William deMille (brother of Cecil, father of Agnes), and directed by George Melford ("The Sheik," the Spanish "Dracula"). Nellie Nolan works at the notions counter of a big department store, and Tom Clancy is in the hardware department of the same establishment. But both of their souls are filled with ambitions and aspirations not to be governed by even the routine of such existence. Nellie has saved a whole hundred dollars and, in a fit of June madness, decides to spend it all for one week of glorious pretense at a Maine summer resort, assuming the role of a lady of fashion and tasting for once the joys of wealth. Tom is impressed with the same newspaper story which has caught Nellie's eye, and he goes to the same resort, posing as a rich young man from Newport. The two young people meet each other, each believing the other belongs to an entirely different sphere of life, and the succeeding events make it possible for Tom to become a hero in the eyes of the girl by rescuing her from a desolate island. They fall in love, but an understanding is impossible because they both are unwilling to confess that they are not what they seem. They both return to the store, and that very day Tom is transferred to the counter directly opposite where Nellie deals in notions. Thus they meet for the first time in their rightful surroundings and Cupid wins.
1512 ::: Daylight Robbery (1964) ::: Three children, Darryl, Kirk and Janet want to be rid of their priggish friend Trudy so they enter a big store and steal a battery knowing that not wanting to get involved she'll leave, which she does. The three had intended to replace the battery but forget when they realize that they've been locked in. Eventually they get out through a skylight but once back on the ground they bump into a thief who's acting as a lookout for a gang who are tunneling through the store's basement wall into the jewelers next door. The three are caught and locked up but are rescued by Trudy who'd been looking for them. They call the police who arrest the robbers and a police sergeant who thanks them for their action warns them that even stealing a small item such as a battery could lead to a life of crime.
1513 ::: The Conversations: A Journey to Path to Origin (2016) ::: The Story is the Conversation between the 'Mind' & The 'Soul', taken on a Journey by the 'Ego'. The Soul is telling the Mind, that in order to reconnect with Her, He has to go through the very layers of 'Emotions' created by its Master Layer 'The Ego'. If the Mind doesn't awaken and reconnect, then the World will continue with the Disasters and soon come to an End!
1514 ::: Always Be My Maybe (2016) ::: Jake del Mundo (Gerald Anderson) gets rejected by his long-time girlfriend when he proposed to marry him. Tin-Tin Paraiso (Arci Muńoz) ends her "NO LABELS" relationship with a guy when she learned that after 3 years of being non-committal to her, he finally started an official relationship with someone else. The two of them meet in a beach resort where their broken hearts draw them to each other. And one date after another, they learn about each other's views on love, commitment and relationships until they find themselves in a limbo. Will Jake muster the courage to finally DTR aka "Define Their Relationship"? Will Tin-Tin get past the no labels phase and finally make this new relationship official? In this day and age of much available options and fleeting relationships, how do we assure love's certainty? When did we ever stop choosing a Yes or No and start falling in love with a MAYBE?
1515 ::: Symphony (????/I) ::: When famously temperamental composer Morgan St. Clair drags his family to an isolated island in pursuit of a place to write his next great work, rebellion ensues. His wife flees for the summer, leaving him with their 9-year-old son, Aldous, who responds to his father's alcohol-soaked antics by falling silent and moving into a tree fort. When Carol Miranda Dukas - twenty-something, aggressively cheerful and fresh out of prison - arrives to be their housekeeper, it is inevitable that worlds will collide.
1516 ::: Paradies: Liebe (2012) ::: On the beaches of Kenya they're known as "Sugar Mamas" -- European women who seek out African boys selling love to earn a living. Teresa, a fifty-year-old Austrian and mother of a daughter entering puberty, travels to this vacation paradise. She goes from one beach boy to the next, from one disappointment to the next and finally she must recognize: On the beaches of Kenya, love is a business. This is a funny and sad black comedy of sorts about overweight, middle-aged European women traveling as a species of sex tourists to Kenya, where they can choose from beautiful, buff young Kenyan men. Shy and naive at first, Teresa can't believe so many handsome young men would want her. But what do they REALLY want? This becomes increasingly and painfully obvious as she tries out a few different suitors. In the end, we are left to wonder -- who is exploiting whom? Very unusual and thought-provoking on many levels, with surprising laughs and teeth-gritting moments.
1517 ::: The Carpet from Bagdad (1915) ::: The Pasha's servant Mohamed, is entrusted to guard the Sacred Carpet of Bagdad with his life. In New York, after banker Arthur Wadsworth forces his brother Horace to give up his inheritance, Horace joins a band of crooks and plans to rob the Wadsworth Bank by tunneling from the adjacent home of antique dealer George P. A. Jones. The gang follows Jones to Egypt and Bagdad, where Horace steals the carpet and sells it to Jones. Fortune Chedsoye, the innocent daughter of a gang member, falls in love with Jones. When Fortune discovers that Mohamed plans to kill Jones to retrieve the rug, she hides it with her mother's belongings. Mohamed forces Jones, Wadsworth, and Fortune into the desert, but they escape his torture during a sandstorm. Wadsworth then rejoins the gang at Jones' home in New York. When Fortune and Jones catch the crooks tunneling, Jones, sympathetically, gives them a two hour head-start before informing the police. Fortune and Jones keep the carpet, while in the East, Mohamed bows in resignation to Allah's will.
1518 ::: "Disney Dimanche" (1979) ::: Dorothée and William Leymergie host this first episode of a Sunday show featuring many clips of Walt Disney shorts or features. This episode opens with a clip of _Ben and Me (1953)_ (qv)and among classics like _Alice in Wonderland (1951)_ (qv) the new feature _Treasure of Matecumbe (1976)_ (qv) is presented, as well as _The Rescuers (1977)_ (qv) due to be re-released in the summer and other such features.
1519 ::: The Sound and the Fury (2009) ::: April 7th, 1928, part one of The Sound and the Fury, a novel written by the American author William Faulkner portrays Benjamin "Benjy" Compson, a cognitively disabled 33-year-old man. The story-line employs a number of narrative styles, including the technique known as stream of consciousness. The film depicts the mental condition of the main character by a beautiful variety of his associative images and illogical judgments.
1520 ::: In the Same Garden (2016) ::: We all live on the same planet, under one sun which nurtures and renews our unique and common hopes for the future. No matter how much we differ from each other in color, ethnicity and belief, we all share the same source of life, united in our destinies. An omnibus film on the topic of Turkish - Armenian relations.
1521 ::: "Spotlight" (1977) ::: Syndicated weekly country music series that essentially served as the country music equivalent to "This is Your Live." Each week, host Robbins would invite a guest from the world of country music onto his show. The guest would reminisce about his career and sing his biggest hits.
1522 ::: No (2012/I) ::: Military dictator Augusto Pinochet calls for a referendum to decide his permanence in power in 1988, the leaders of the opposition persuade a young daring advertising executive - René Saavedra - to head their campaign. With limited resources and under the constant scrutiny of the despot's watchmen, Saavedra and his team conceive of a bold plan to win the election and free their country from oppression. After fifteen years in power the result of a military coup in 1973, Chilean dictator General 'Augusto Pinochet' (qv), whose reign was marked by quashing any opposition through intimidation, violence, and murder, is pressured by his international allies to hold a referendum on his leadership. A "yes" win would mean eight more years of a Pinochet rule, while a "no" win would mean free elections. Pinochet, through intimidation, vote rigging, and what he believes is true support since the Chilean economy is doing well, believes there is no way he can lose. The referendum campaign will last 27 days leading up to the October 5, 1988 vote, with each side getting fifteen minutes of uninterrupted television air time each day for their campaign. The "no" coalition decides to hire René Saavedra, a young, brash advertising executive to spearhead their campaign, which causes problems if only because his boss, Lucho Guzmán, is an advisor to Pinochet. But against the general direction that most on the "no" side want to take, including René's ex-wife Verónica Carvajal (who nonetheless refuses to participate since she believes the referendum is pure propaganda by the ruling regime), which is to expose Pinochet's oppressive ways, René, treating this project like any of his other work, instead decides on a softer approach, using the slogan "Chile: happiness is coming", bright colors most specifically through a rainbow, and a generally upbeat message of real happy Chileans doing real happy things in a post-Pinochet Chile as the center of the campaign, with no mention of oppression or murder. Beyond the tone of the "no" campaign, Pinochet and his forces have to decide how to counter what they eventually learn is a "no" campaign that is resonating with voters. If Pinochet decides to use old tactics of intimidation and violence, those working on or associated with the "no" campaign, including René, Verónica and their adolescent son Simón, may question if their lives are worth working on the "no" side.
1523 ::: "Arnaques" (1998) ::: Arnaques est un docu-divertissement qui retrace les arnaques d'ici et d'ailleurs et explore en profondeur différents aspects du monde des arnaqueurs. De la Vierge de Sainte-Marthe-sur-le-Lac qui verse des larmes de sang, ŕ la prétendue découverte du chaînon manquant, en passant par les reportages bidon diffusés ŕ la télévision allemande ou les soi-disant greffes de testicules de boucs; les arnaqueurs n'ont jamais manqué d'imagination pour tromper, abuser, escroquer. Il n'y a pas d'arnaque sans faire-croire. Contrairement aux autre types de fraudes, l'arnaque est basée sur l'illusion, la mystification. Une arnaque réussie tient essentiellement ŕ un scénario bien ficellé. C'est d'abord une histoire, parfois passionnante ou curieuse, parfois choquante ou simplement cocasse. De lŕ, le grand pouvoir de fascination de l'arnaque et son côté divertissant.
1524 ::: Within the Pines (????) ::: In the early years when pioneers settled in Blackshear, Georgia, there lay a elder creature deep within the pines. There were those who prayed and worshiped this pagan god, often offering a lamb and/or bull as their sacrificial tribute. As time passed, their god demanded more: the life and souls of ill-fated travelers were to be given up, and cruel and sinister acts committed upon them as homage. The church arose and hung the pagan worshipers deep in the woods, their bodies buried in unmarked graves. A darkness crept through the earth as the blackest trees sprouted from their corpses and evil spread its roots into the forest. With the help of the townspeople, the church cut these trees down and built a house, one that would hold such a malevolent force. Time has passed now, the story faded into a silenced legend among the town. But as for five young adults on a scenic trip, they will unleash a horror that has lay in wait Within The Pines.
1525 ::: The complaint (2017) ::: In fond memory of - Major Uday Singh, Sena Medal, Shaurya Chakra (RIP) Harish Singh, a retired Bank Manager from Allahabad is carrying an emotional scar that makes him sceptic of the Muslim community. But when a Muslim repair engineer comes to fix the old man's laptop, something happens that proves to him that humanity is beyond hatred.The Army Officer displayed in this film is a real life martyr who laid his life for the nation.
1526 ::: The Secrets of Gravity: In the Footsteps of Albert Einstein (2016) ::: Why do things fall to the ground without magic? The young magician's apprentice LIMBRADUR is far more interested in the universe and its secrets than boring magic spells. He is fascinated by the stars, the universe and the laws of nature. So, one night he sneaks into the Albert Einstein Museum, where he meets ALBYX3, a small, clever but rather quirky robot who knows all about Albert Einstein and his theories. ALBY takes LIMBRADUR on a magical journey of discovery through time and space, during which they not only uncover the secrets of gravity but also learn much about friendship and imagination. For LIMBRADUR and ALBY both have secrets of their own.
1527 ::: Murder Can Hurt You! (1980) ::: Spoof of TV crime dramas. Someone is murdering all the great detectives and cops, and it's up to the remaining few to find the killer and stop him.
1528 ::: Body Language (1992) ::: The ambitious Betsy is happy: she gets promoted to a leading management position. Her happiness is spoiled only a little by problems with a boyfriend who feels neglected and an harassing boss. She realizes much too late that her secretary Norma is after her job and step by step tries to ruin her career and private life.
1529 ::: "Mosaicos" (2013) ::: The elite LAFI (Los Angeles Film institute) offers summer documentary courses where young filmmakers learn the art of documenting reality. In the exciting new Mosaicos video program, five young filmmakers from different Spanish-speaking countries attend a summer course at LAFI, a program during which the characters document the wealth of Hispanic culture in Los Angeles, as well as the cultural richness and diversity found in their own countries. In addition to learning about each other and about cultural life in the United States, during the video our young filmmakers compete for a prestigious scholarship awarded to the student who produces the best documentary during the course. Which character will produce the most engaging video?
1530 ::: Les Hirondelles... Les Cris de jeunes filles des hirondelles (2008) ::: The second in the trilogy of stories devoted to the young Tangerian, Larbi Salmi, Girls and Swallows focuses on his passion for American and French pop culture, his own polymorphous nascent sexuality, and the different world views offered by his religious and secular educations. Told through a succession of stories from the medina and of Tangier, the film reflects on larger questions about the relationship of the sacred and sacrilegious, religion and politics, gender roles, sexuality, and freedom of thought within Arab-Islamic societies.
1531 ::: Kaos on Warrick Ave. (1997) ::: Butter, an 11-year-old only child of a widowed single mother holding down two jobs to make ends meet, moves to a new neighborhood in the inner city. Butter meets Dre a kid from the neighborhood. At first their relationship is adversarial but later turns to friendship as other children pick on butter because he is different. Their bond gets stronger through traumatic events of life in the hood.
1532 ::: Dil Jo Na Keh Saka (2017) ::: Starring Himansh Kohli and Priya Banerjee, a romantic drama that follows the story of two childhood friends who end up going separate ways to follow their dreams. Eventually, they return to their hometown where they chance across each other and soon discover that there is more to their relationship than just friendship.
1533 ::: One Thing Left to Do (2017) ::: Unable to come to terms with the death of his fiance Rosie, Michael escapes to South Africa to fulfill his would-be honeymoon. While there, he meets up with Rosie's estranged sister, Summer. Unwanted and uninvited, she forces herself onto Michael's trip of self destruction in a last ditch effort to connect with her family. If you lost the one you loved, would you recover and live without them....or choose not to?.
1534 ::: The Creek When He Came Back (2016) ::: After Chris, a twenty-something whose life and relationship are in a rut, leaves her boyfriend at a party for a young photographer, they escape to his family's country home in upstate New York that is surrounded by a mysterious creek and home to a broken hearted hiker who has been there for quite some time.
1535 ::: "Blood on the Carpet" (1999) ::: The use of a dormant Air Force Base at Rome, New York, was fought over for several years, before promoter Michael Lange of Woodstock fame won approval for the third installment of his creation. What ultimately happened, on the hottest day of the year, was a perfect storm of concert controversy.
1536 ::: Lesbian Legal 7 (2010) ::: Lesbian Legal Part Seven is the seventh installment of this very fine series by the studio Girlfriends Films. It focuses on the professional and private lives of the lawyers and other employees of the very prestigious law firm Lesbian Legal. The firm's three female attorneys are India Summer, Avy Scott, and Janet Mason. Samantha Ryan is their main assistant. In Part seven, Avy Scott and India Summer are the only two lawyers of the firm that appear. Lesbian Legal gives Ms. Scott and Ms. Summer a continual and, in my opinion, their best Girlfriends Films' vehicle to show off their high quality acting skills.
1537 ::: Un assassin qui passe (1981) ::: The story of a serial killer but bears little resemblance to a slasher movie. We know almost at once who the killer is and the emphasis is not on the murders but on his psychology as he falls in love with one of his prospective victims - a weakness which, of course, will be his downfall.
1538 ::: 1946, automne allemand (2009) ::: Inspired by his eponymous essay, this documentary recounts his impressions during his journey and reveals his critical and emphatic point of view towards the vanquished German people. Unlike most journalists of the time, obsessed by the demonstration of the guilt of the Germans, Stig Dagerman puts his eyes on the suffering, the misery, the mutism, the inability of the Germans to face the monstrosity of the Nazism, and denounces the cynicism of the victors in the aftermath of the bombings. The story of the author, then aged 23, is illustrated by archival images, photos and drawings painted and animated to the graphic palette.
1539 ::: Saving the Hansen House (2011) ::: SAVING THE HANSEN HOUSE is the story of a mild-mannered college professor from the Midwest who buys a dilapidated18th-century farmhouse in a small North Carolina town. Originally he plans to just restore it and then maybe sell it and move on. But the house turns out to be something special, and the town is even more special. Before he knows it, he is putting down roots. This one-hour documentary chronicles the unique challenges and rewards of saving a 250-year-old house.
1540 ::: More Art Upstairs (2017) ::: For three weeks in September, beer-fueled debates in the bars of one Michigan town aren't about sports and politics but art. Hundreds of thousands of people come to Grand Rapids to engage with blue-chip artists in ways that rarely happen at Art Basel or other established art events, unless you're a major collector or critic. More Art Upstairs follows four accomplished artists as they compete at ArtPrize, a populist experiment that inverts the equation of who gets to decide what art has value by letting the general public vote, via their phones, on which works will win much of the $500,000 in prize money - the largest award in the art world. What attracts these artists is the chance to win this public vote, but also to gain exposure to some of the country's top art critics, who dash into town to award the other half of the prize money. Local bistros, bars and abandoned buildings showcase the work and our artists are compelled to be outgoing. They stand next to their art, talking to people who are often experiencing contemporary art for the first time. They embrace the ethos of the competition but grow weary of having to repeatedly explain their approach and worry about going home empty-handed. Will this unmediated experience - no convoluted "art speak" explanations and no velvet ropes cordoning off the art - change how everyday folks think about art? Will it reshape how our characters make and exhibit their work? Will this populist experiment have any impact on larger conversations about high and low culture? More Art Upstairs melds humor, extraordinary behind the scenes access and a nail-biting competition to explore each of these questions. A quirky contest that's a mash up of Art Basel and American Idol attracts four blue chip artists to leave NYC's insular art world for a month in the Midwest, where the public votes by phone to decide who wins much of $500,000 in prize money.
1541 ::: Einai megalos o kaimos (1964) ::: Lisa, the daughter of bouzouki's veteran, Anastasis Bazaios, has a connection with Michalis who works in the death round. Her girlfriend Viki tries to steal her beloved. When her father becomes seriously ill, Lisa is forced to work as a singer at the same work center.
1542 ::: Lady Law's Dilemma (2008) ::: In the Lady Law's Dilemma story, a female costumed crimefighter is captured by the master criminal she's been tracking and trained to become a bondage slave. In the second tale, a beautiful woman attends an art auction, sips a drugged glass of champagne and finds herself the bound and gagged captive of an art dealer who plans to auction her as a objet d'art.
1543 ::: Homeless in a College Town (????) ::: This documentary is focused on showing the two sides of Amherst, MA. The first side being a quaint college town, where roughly 20% of its residents are educated with a BA or higher, and the other side being the 20% of its residents who have fallen so low beneath the poverty level that they are now homeless. Both of these statistics, of education and homelessness are well ABOVE the state and national levels. "Homeless in a College Town" will display a variety of interviews exemplifying a series of studies conducted by psychologists at the University of California, Berkeley and the University of Toronto in Canada earlier in 2012 stating that the educated and cultured class, are more likely to care for "one's own welfare over the welfare of others". This body of work should open eyes to the fact that a community shouldn't judge itself by money or education but rather how well they take care of others who can't take care of themselves. Is Amherst one of these towns? Or are they pioneers, setting new standards in ways to help the homeless?
1544 ::: The Rancho High School Riots (2012) ::: Forty years after the tumultuous season of race riots that spread like wildfire through Rancho High School in Las Vegas, Nevada, the participants on all sides of the cultural divide come together for a frank and often controversial look back at what happened when the social strife of the early 1970's came home to roost in the suburbs of the entertainment capital of the world. Independent Las Vegas filmmaker and provocateur Stan Armstrong brings us a unique true story of social change, strife, and reconciliation, through the words of those who lived it.
1545 ::: WTF! (2017) ::: Three years ago, twenty-two year old "girl-next door" Rachel barely survived a brutal massacre that left all of her friends murdered. Time has passed, and Rachel has moved on, but unfortunately her close friends are spending Spring Break in a secluded house in the woods, and they have cordially invited her to join. She would never have accepted the invitation if she realized that another bloodbath would be showing up as plus one. Once Rachel and her friends arrive at the cabin, the partying, sex, and...terror begins. From girls' only pillow fights to debauchery in a bedroom, it's going to be a blast...aside from the stabbing, flesh melting, and castration. Seven friends will go into a secluded house for the best Spring Break of their lives, but only one will be alive to post about it on Facebook the next week, as Rachel's biggest fears become a reality once again! Can Rachel survive another bloody massacre?
1546 ::: Green China Rising (2013) ::: Green China Rising is a visually stunning one-hour science doc about how the world's biggest polluter could become its greatest saviour. Mandarin Film produced the documentary from start to finish, raised finance, negotiated co-production partners, and performed all aspects of production. This was an ambitious project in many key ways - it brought together three co-production partners from Asia to tell a counter-intuitive tale, featured unprecedented access to China's coal mines, wind turbine factories and far flung deserts, and was one of the first documentaries to be shot using an ArriAlexa camera. Since its premiere on National Geographic Asia, Green China Rising has been shown in over 30 countries and translated into 5 languages and counting. Beyond that Green China Rising 2.0 aims to be an outlet for further online and mobile outreach strategy to schools, NGOs and the green tech industry.
1547 ::: Mona kriegt ein Baby (2014) ::: Gynaecologist Stefan Lessing (Dominic Raacke) gives sex education classes at the school of his daughter Mona (Stephanie Amarell, "The White Ribbon"). What he does not know is that the young Mona is four months pregnant! When the "bomb explodes", not only mother Judith (Barbara Auer) and siblings react in shock. Mona finds shelter at her kid's father Roman, but he is in love with another woman ... Against all expectations, director Verbong managed to interpolate the story in a middle-class family. In addition, he found a fun shape, without exposing its serious subject.
1548 ::: "Type Cast" (2014) ::: Audrey and Corinne have kept their friendship alive through the years with constant Skype sessions, mailing care packages, and traveling to see each other every spring and winter break in college. Before then it was summers and holidays. Before that, their mothers just stuck them in a playpen and hoped they would like each other. It worked. With a college education under their belts, the pact was in motion- to move to New York and be each other's live-in support system. Being that they both always dreamed of an acting career, this seemed like the absolute perfect life plan. But surprisingly, these two very, very different ladies- through the eyes of the industry - are quite the same. Audrey is like a tall glass of water, with the temperament of one, too. Corinne is a box of fireworks sitting dangerously close to a rapidly approaching fire. Dumbfounded as they are, they keep running into each other at auditions. But that's okay, you just get home and call your best friend to vent about it. Wait, hold on a second. That person is your best friend, and you live with them now. Whoops. And that's what this show is about- Audrey and Corinne, desperately trying to balance this newfound jealousy and their lifelong friendship, the occasional or more than occasional sabotage, relationships or lack thereof, and the overall lingering black cloud of uncertainty- the mascot of feelings for actors in their twenties. Especially for the ones that had no idea it was coming.
1549 ::: "Wanted: Best Friend" (2015) ::: Janie recently got dumped...by her best friend. Making new friends is hard. Making new friends at 25 is harrowing. So, she does what any 20 something in LA would do. She puts up a personal ad and documents it all on her video diary. That's where the nightmarish friend dates begin.
1550 ::: Mostrame (2006) ::: Argentina. What are the remnants of dictatorship, responsible for violence that caused death of dozens of thousands of people; what is the life of close relatives to those who had been kidnapped, jailed, tortured or disappeared? A documentary reminiscence of anxiety and fear reminding us that fates of many of the junta's victims still remain unknown. The author deliberately does not mention the names and professions of the people interviewed in order to compose out of their confessions the sum of experience that is virtually untellable. For this reason, the guide through this film about memory representation is a girl with blindfold eyes.
1551 ::: Hello! Shu Xian Sheng (2011) ::: The vast and snowy landscapes of northern China form the striking backdrop to the story of Shu, whose name translates to 'tree' in Mandarin, a clownish mechanic who resides in a small mining village in the province of Jilin. Shu has a reputation as a slacker, a drunk and a danger to himself and others. He blinds himself temporarily while welding. He meets a fetching mute named Xiaomei who works at a massage parlor and decides to marry her, but this too falls apart. Meanwhile, Shu's village seems as doomed as he is. The film opens on a van saddled with loudspeakers, which roams the village offering consumer goods as bribes to townsfolk in the hope that they'll willingly uproot themselves to make way for modern property developments. As with so many rural places in China, a way of life is vanishing under the wheels of progress. Teased by hallucinations and haunted by tragic events from his past, Shu struggles with an ever-loosening grip on reality. Yet when one of his visions manifests as real, his fellow villagers come to regard him as clairvoyant. Can Shu genuinely see into the future? Is he actually just a basket case? Or is he perhaps more lucid than he seems, and pulling a fast one on everyone?
1552 ::: Aliens, UFOS and the New World Order (2012) ::: The overwhelming evidence shows that UFOs and the Alien Threat are VERY real. We are being visited by extraterrestrial beings and the Men in Black are fighting a battle of secrecy to keep us in the dark. In this comprehensive collection you will discover firsthand from best-selling authors, and renowned experts from around the globe, just how horrifying the truth really is. The governments and controlling factions of the world DO NOT WANT YOU TO KNOW THE TRUTH. UFOs, ET's and The Men In Black - See real footage of an infamous black helicopter harassing sky watchers looking for UFOs. What are they protecting? The evidence in this film shows that UFO's and the Alien Threat are VERY real. New World Order: The Battle For Your Mind - Who's really behind the New World Order? Are they trying to control our minds? More importantly, why does Big Brother want to keep the Alien Agenda a secret? Crop Circles and UFOs - Are Crop Circles made by man or aliens? They appear around the globe often before the eyes of witnesses. With thousands of images proving their existence, Crop Circles are a fascinating enigma. Aliens, UFO's and Mutilations - Thousands claim they have witnessed strange and bizarre animal mutilations. Discover the link between UFO and Alien sightings and the barbaric acts carried out on cattle and other livestock across the world.
1553 ::: Moldy (2015) ::: MOLDY is a gripping documentary that explores toxic mold and how it has become a modern-day health problem of monumental proportions that affects us all. MOLDY brings together the country's top medical experts with mold survivors, as we follow their stories of illness, treatment and recovery. Learn to recognize the conditions necessary for mold to thrive, and how to navigate the murky waters of recovery of both home and health.
1554 ::: Grab and Bind: Summer Brielle (2012) ::: A buxom blonde bombshell responds to an modeling call and auditions for a kinky sculptor who binds and gags the poor woman after depriving her of her tight-fitting black cocktail dress. With a cloth tied behind her teeth, the unfortunate woman can only mew in protest as the artist ties in a series of increasingly stringent positions as he tries to stimulate his muse.
1555 ::: Celluloid Bloodbath: More Prevues from Hell (2012) ::: The long-awaited sequel to 1987's horror cult classic, "Mad Ron's Prevues From Hell". An awesome collection of 61 over-the-top horror movie prevues, from the golden Grindhouse age, spanning the 1960's through the 1980's. Also features commentary from film makers, actors, critics and fans, that makes this a true, incredibly entertaining, one-of-a-kind movie-going experience!
1556 ::: It's on the List (2016) ::: Carly (Carla Landreth) and Micky (Debra Morris) are excited to learn they have inherited their late Aunt Carol's (Deborah Alcorn) estate, owl collection and all. With plans of selling the estate and taking a hot singles cruise, where Micky feels she will be pampered by cabana boys and Carly thinks she will find Dirk Benedict or Chris Kattan. One problem with their happily ever after scheme. Aunt Carol has made a stipulation in order to inherit her entire estate Carly and Micky must bring the entire dysfunctional family together for a Christmas dinner and complete a list of forgotten traditions.Break out the card giving to the whole community, stockings for each person in the family and a gingerbread men fight. Add the crazy family, a gassy uncle (David Ray Wright) who needs to be tested, Cousin Louise (Kristi Treitler) who thought to be dead returns with startling new identity, Cousin Polly ( Diane King) is stuck in Wood Stock, Bobbi Jo (Amber Jordan) marriage is falling apart and one Santa (Jr. Gerth) has decided to exercise his open carry gun law rights, Aunt Fern (Mary Davis) who hasn't spoke in 30 years has something fearful to say, while cousin Ricky's (Stanton Landreth) OCD has the family fearing to eat. Carly and Micky struggle to keep it together and in the spirit of things until a Texas ice storm forces a stranger(Michael J Rodriguez) to appear and stay with the family.
1557 ::: Hessians MC (2005) ::: The violent legacy of this hard-riding, hard-partying and hard-fighting outlaw biker club has endured nearly four decades. The Hessians share their personal stories, anecdotes and the history of a club that has been revered and reviled in the annals of motorcycle lore.These hardcore members have survived the lifestyle, the biker wars, law enforcement and the day to day danger of life on the road.
1558 ::: J Trani (2016) ::: Is there anything more satisfying than good company sharing great food? Breaking Bread is a series that brings together people from all walks of life to experience food created for them by some of America's most renowned chefs. The show's host Gina Ruccione, a cuisine writer and member of the Southern California Restaurant Writers Association, guides her guests through a raucous journey of culinary and conversational delights. 'If you really want to make a friend, go to someone's house and eat with him... the people who give you their food give you their heart.' -Ceasar Chavez In this episode of Breaking Bread, Gina brings in Chef Dustin Trani of Doma in Beverly Hills, and his family's restaurant J. Trani, and he treats her guests to his trademark Italian Modern cooking as they enjoy dining in an extraordinary art space. There is plenty of inspirational discussion while this eclectic group Breaks Bread together.
1559 ::: Phulkumar (2002) ::: (1)A boy orphaned at birth grows up making his flower garden, trancing a flower fairy of that garden as his illusioned mother. Like a fresh flower, he scents the world inside him apart from the realities of society. But when his flower is plucked eventually by the force of his fate, he discovers friendship, love, passion and finally hatred that drowns him, tearing his petals, under the water. (2)Phulkumar albeit aims for the subtlest nuances of emotion, is a comedy in the Chekhov's sense of the world - a visceral, inertly brooding study, of a children's coming-of-age in a half formed petit bourgeois limbo. Despite all the third world avant-garde stances this is a simple film, a sweet anti-ironic fairy tale.
1560 ::: Operation Dead One (2007) ::: The Coalition for Safe Research, an activist group designed to save people and animals from chemical and stem cell research, has placed a spy within a chemical research facility. She infects the computers with a virus designed to erase all the data on the network. The virus has a chain reaction and doesn't erase the data, but re-writes the files instead. CHEMWORLD has a plan to stop the virus in their computers. But just before they start, an accident happens and the main chemical they were developing for the government leaks into the air. The first technician to die from the explosion of the "CHEMICAL" instantaneously becomes a zombie and starts munching on people. Once bitten, the body dies very quickly to be resurrected as a zombie. The zombies very quickly overtake the research station and... (you have to wait for the movie....) The government has sent out a group of Special Ops to investigate the problem. Captain Mike Belcher must take his team there but the threat of the "un-dead" continues to grow.
1561 ::: Magnolia (1999) ::: 24 hours in L.A.; it's raining cats and dogs. Two parallel and intercut stories dramatize men about to die: both are estranged from a grown child, both want to make contact, and neither child wants anything to do with dad. Earl Partridge's son is a charismatic misogynist; Jimmy Gator's daughter is a cokehead and waif. A mild and caring nurse intercedes for Earl, reaching the son; a prayerful and upright beat cop meets the daughter, is attracted to her, and leads her toward a new calm. Meanwhile, guilt consumes Earl's young wife, while two whiz kids, one grown and a loser and the other young and pressured, face their situations. The weather, too, is quirky. In the style of Ripley's Believe It Or Not, coincidence has played a part in three bizarre deaths during the past century... Jimmy Gator has hosted the popular quiz show "What Do Kids Know?" in Los Angeles for over 30 years. Stanley is the brightest of the three kids currently reigning on the show. Jimmy is estranged from his daughter, Claudia. Living in her cheap apartment, Claudia is hooked on cocaine. Donnie Smith had been a famous whiz kid on Jimmy's show decades ago. Since being hit by lightning, he does promotional work for the Solomon Bros. appliance store and dreams of getting an expensive set of braces for his teeth. Frank Mackey is a very successful motivational speaker. His aggressive seminar on dating, "Seduce and Destroy", is well attended by frustrated bachelors. Officer Kurring answers a call at a woman's apartment and finds a corpse in her closet. Affluent producer Earl Partridge is bedridden and dying of cancer. His beautiful wife Linda married him for his money... The quiz show kids are close to setting an all-time record; Stanley feels the pressure from his father. Jimmy has learned that he has cancer and only two months to live. Officer Kurring arrives at an apartment where neighbours have complained about the noise; Claudia opens the door. Earl asks Phil, his nurse, to contact his estranged son; the younger Partridge now uses the name Frank Mackey... The film begins with a narrator telling us three separate stories based on the theme of coincidence. From there, we meet 9 characters whose lives are all connected in one way or another. We follow them all over the course of one day and watch their lives change forever.
1562 ::: Skepp ohoj (2013) ::: Sweden has a very long coastal line. There are over i million leisure boats registered in Sweden, making it one of the countries with the largest amount of boats per capita. We meet some people who tell us their stories and relation to the sea and their boats.
1563 ::: "Olympus High" (????) ::: The Olympian Gods have been re-incarnated as teens in the present. Only a few of them are aware of their abilities, and the others have been training to fight Ares, Hera, and Hades in an all out world for Modern Day Olympus aka High School.
1564 ::: Operai (2008) ::: Two blue-collars in their 40s balance dreams and failures of their lives in the 24-hour span of a special day in Turin. A glimpse on today's European world of work, where social issues mix with the strong-minded, extravagant and sensitive personalities of its protagonists. In 1923, Fiat built the biggest European factory in Turin. On 4th July 2007, Turin celebrates the launch of the new Fiat 500. In the morning of the same day, Nadia has just left the factory and is in the middle of her daily routine. She is a Fiat worker, who is 44, divorced her husband and abandoned her passion for arts to work in the factory. Nadia struggled for doing the well-paid night-shift, but now she could be transferred to the day-shift again. She is also worried for the working future of her children. But today, she feels that she has nothing to regret. Massimo, on the contrary, is a 40-year-old man with a double life as a worker and a Drag Queen. Today, Massimo realizes that his dream of working into the show-biz has vanished and that he will be a blue-collar for the rest of his life. He also reflects upon the present disenchantment of his 17-year-long relationship with Angelo. Massimo needs to face his own failure now to find peace and serenity
1565 ::: The Rainbow Trail (1925) ::: John Shefford is looking for his uncle Venters who years ago found a hidden valley and lived there with Jane Withersteen and young Fay Larkin. He finds Kay, now grown, who tells John that Willets and his men got into the nearly inaccessible valley and she has agreed to marry him to save the lives of the other two. John and Fay head for the valley with Willets and with his men right behind.
1566 ::: Soy Cámara: New Audiences (2016) ::: The concept of audience has evolved a lot over the years, being, today, the philosopher's stone of cultural and media production. In this new context of abundance, in which the prosumer has displaced the passive spectator in front of the museum or cinema hall or the home and in which everyone has small devices for the production, edition and distribution of stories, new questions open. What is the difference between the public, the mass, the audience and the user? Is participation a myth at the hands of the market or does it present new opportunities in the production of forms and messages? The program illustrates all these changes from interviews made for the International Prize for Cultural Innovation and puts on the table the new possibilities and risks that come with the fact that society has become an audience.
1567 ::: The Great Music Experience (1994) ::: "The Great Music Experience", produced by Tony Hollingsworth of Tribute and backed by UNESCO and the United Nations, was staged at Todai Ji, an eighth-century Buddhist temple, the world's largest wooden building containing the world's largest statue of Buddha. It challenged top international artists to immerse themselves in Japanese culture, explore their differences and perform a show that was rich in its influence.
1568 ::: Et rigtigt menneske (2001) ::: A modern fable about an invisible man who gets the chance to become a real human being. He has to learn to be brave, honest and conscientious. 'P' is a fantasy figure, living behind the wallpaper in seven year-old Lisa's bedroom. Due to the destruction of the building in which Lisa lives, P leaves Lisa and her fantasy world. He ends up at a refugee center, where he learns Danish and becomes an integrated member of society. An apartment is assigned to P and he gets a job in a shoe store. P's naiveté and good will makes him an easy prey. Without being guilty, he becomes under suspicion of being a wanted child molester. This is the story of P's dramatic journey through the Fall of Man in an attempt to become a good citizen.
1569 ::: 9-22: Democracy Held Hostage (2017) ::: A romantic tragedy, intertwined with political intrigue. The true story behind the 1980 US Presidential Elections, the 1980 Tehran (Embassy) Hostage Crisis, The Iran-Iraq war (80-88), the Iran-contra affair, the 80's war on drugs, and the 'accidental' death of Senators Heinz and Tower emerges as Brad DiPalo tries to get his client Ian Leidholdt free from jail. Its a Chilling Story. Presented in Animated format, for a mature audience. Features an incredible original '80s oriented music soundtrack - by The "Ayatoilet" Band (featuring the Supreme Dr. Ayatoilet Kh. along with Shea Springer). A romantic tragedy, intertwined with political intrigue. The true story behind the 1980 US Presidential Elections, the 1980 Tehran (Embassy) Hostage Crisis, The Iran-Iraq war (80-88), the Iran-contra affair, the 80's war on drugs, and the 'accidental' death of Senators Heinz and Tower emerges as Brad DiPalo tries to get his client Ian Leidholdt free from jail. Its a Chilling Story.
1570 ::: The Narrow Street (1925) ::: Simon Haldane works in the office of the Faulkner Iron Works, but he has been raised by his two maiden aunts in an extremely sheltered manner, and is basically afraid of everyone and everything. One morning he finds a strange girl shivering in his bedroom, and although he's terrified of her, he manages to call a doctor for her. This starts a rumor that Simon is married. Complications ensue.
1571 ::: The Mountain (2010) ::: Night falls over Beirut. Fadi, a forty year old, packs his luggage and sets out to the airport with his friend driving him. He is supposed to leave for a month, but instead of going up the plane, he heads to the arrivals section and rents a car. He takes the highway heading North then continues on a mountainous route. Far from anyone, on a deserted highway, a deviation forces him to quit the main road. A distinct sound coming from far is heard; the sound of a car honk. Fadi gets closer and closer to the sound and sees a wrecked car crashed in a tree alongside the road. A couple lay still inside. Fadi moves the head of the young man that was resting on the horn and the sound faints away. He watches their bloody faces, hears a hiss coming from the motor and then sees it catch fire. Instinctively, he steps back. Flames eat the car up as Fadi watches in horror. After a while, having continued on his way, he pulls over to the side of the road and sleeps off what he experienced earlier. The next morning, he drives to a hotel in the middle of nowhere where he is expected. He is given a room at the highest level. The food, towels and sheets are waiting for him in the hall. Not a soul will bother him. Fadi will isolate himself in that hotel, literally locking himself in his own room.
1572 ::: Almost There (2003) ::: The film presents a couple that dares to change its lifestyle, to deal with personal fears, to search for happiness and to make a film whose lens explores with care the difficulties of intimacy, sexual identity and the complexity of family relationships.
1573 ::: Ghetto Theresienstadt: Deception and Reality (2006) ::: This archive film footage documents the daily life of a Nazi concentration camp called Theresienstadt (also known as Terezin). Used by the Nazis as a "show" camp to draw attention away from their larger, darker actions elsewhere, Terezin was portrayed as a thriving community, and contained many artists and intellectuals within its borders.
1574 ::: Hold Fast (2013) ::: Hold Fast is the story of Michael, a smart and stubborn 14-year old from Newfoundland outports whose world is turned upside down when his parents die in a car crash. Michael is sent to live in a city far from his beloved fishing village. In trouble at school and in constant conflict with his hard-nosed Uncle Ted, Michael feels uprooted and unwanted. After he goes ballistic at school and knocks a kid out cold Michael vows to run away. His timid cousin Curtis begs to join him and together they set off on a quest for freedom and belonging, determined to prove they can survive on their own. Their journey into Newfoundland wilderness proves more revealing than either could have imagined.
1575 ::: "Princess Stand In" (2013) ::: Chin Ta-Hua ('Nikki Hsieh' (qv)) has buckteeth and an unfortunately prominent mole on her face that has caused her to be teased and ridiculed throughout her life. Down on her luck and in need of money, Ta-Hua's fortunes change dramatically when she crosses paths with Ou-Yang Tai ('Kang Ren Wu' (qv)), who just lost his beloved fiancé, Tu Liang-Yen, in a hiking accident. Because Ta-Hua bears a slight resemblance to Tai's fiancé, he makes her an offer she can't refuse.
1576 ::: Doris (2014) ::: DORIS honors the life of one of the most notorious black female career criminals of our day, Doris Marie Payne. Spanning five decades, Doris made millions as an international jewel thief and successfully escaped federal prison twice. She was charged in 2013 at 83 years of age in Palm Desert, CA for stealing a $23,000 diamond encrusted ring. This is her first heist.
1577 ::: Dark Tales from Paradise (2010) ::: In THE MIDNITE AFFAIR, by Ryan C. Khan, an American scholar finds out the hard way that things read and taught in books can be so much more in reality. His interest in Trinbagonian folklore becomes move than he can handle as a mysterious woman capitalizes on his open-mindedness to avenge herself. In SWEET TNT. by Andre Johnson. a naive young man suffering with a harsh case of 'jungle fever is paired with a young female tourist from the UK who seems to think that vacationing in Caribbean is an all-day party revolving around having a good time at any cost. In RADICA, by Francis Escayg, an angry, frustrated husband, while a nagging wife and an oppressive boss is squashed as easily as the eight-legged insect he is nick-named alter, resulting in an almost claustrophobic but riveting unraveling of events, which surround mysterious incidences of teenage suicides that are attributed to the supernatural.
1578 ::: Secrets of a Psychopath (2015) ::: Two siblings lure unsuspecting victims to their house through a dating site for games and slaughter. It's "Psycho" meets the Craigslist Killer. The new film from cult director Bert I. Gordon - The Amazing Colossal Man, Earth vs the Spider, Empire of the Ants, and The Food of the Gods.
1579 ::: Mes nuits feront écho (2016) ::: In Quebec, Mexico and Asia, three sensitive souls heed the call of the images and melodies that haunt their days and nights. Moved at once by loss, yearning and longing, Eliane (Eliane Préfontaine), Romes (Gerardo Trejoluna) and his father Pablo (Felipe Casanova) decide to take action before it is too late. Whatever the risks, they must let their dreams take flight. Implicitly trusting that inner voice dwelling inside us all, Sophie Goyette beckons us on a sensory journey where travel, art, dream, and memory serve as mileposts. Her first feature film blurs the boundary that separates night from day; poetry blooms where these two worlds intersect. As she attentively follows the three characters' quests, the filmmaker directs our gaze to the magic that seeps from the cracks in daily life. In doing so, she raises universal questions about being human, about what binds us to each other and to reality. "Mes nuits feront écho" is a bottle that Eliane, Romes or Pablo might have cast adrift: within it, a loving tribute to cinema and its ability to bring back to us what has ceased to be. First fiction feature (98mn) Winner of the Bright Future Award at Rotterdam Festival 2017 In Canada, Mexico and Asia, three sensitive souls heed the call of the images and melodies that haunt their days and nights. Moved at once by loss, yearning and longing, Eliane (Eliane Préfontaine), Romes (Gerardo Trejoluna) and his father Pablo (Felipe Casanova) decide to take action before it is too late. Whatever the risks, they must let their dreams take flight. Implicitly trusting that inner voice dwelling inside us all, Sophie Goyette beckons us on a sensory journey where travel, art, dream, and memory serve as mileposts. Her first feature film blurs the boundary that separates night from day; poetry blooms where these two worlds intersect. As she attentively follows the three characters' quests, the filmmaker directs our gaze to the magic that seeps from the cracks in daily life. In doing so, she raises universal questions about being human, about what binds us to each other and to reality. 'Mes nuits feront écho' is a bottle that Eliane, Romes or Pablo might have cast adrift: within it, a loving tribute to cinema and its ability to bring back to us what has ceased to be.
1580 ::: 19/03 (2012) ::: 10-year-old Carlitos is spending the weekend with his father. Dad has promised to take him to see the fireworks on the last day of The Fallas, but other matters have gotten in the way. Like scrambling to get together enough money to pay off his gambling debt. Feeling neglected and lied to by both his father and mother, Carlos takes off on his own to explore Valencia and take part in the festivities. Meanwhile, his father has to face the tough guy sent to collect the debt. The ruffian breaks one of the man's fingers, and promises to do even worse if he doesn't have the entire sum by nightfall. Ultimately we witness what lengths father and son will go to, to protect the other.
1581 ::: A Pebble of Love in the Shoe of My Life (2014) ::: Eugenia juggles works as a cleaning lady, her university studies and her relationship with her high school sweetheart, John. And she is fighting to gain admission to medical school. despite the limitations she faces as an undocumented immigrant. But when her sister gets arrested for a routine traffic ticket and she turns to John for help, she finds his response surprisingly aloof. As she struggles to prevent her sister's deportation and tries to salvage her romance with her boyfriend, Eugenia realizes that her position in America is more tenuous than she ever imagined.
1582 ::: Merry Ex-Mas (2016) ::: A mild mannered, single mother, Katrina Jackson (Angel Conwell), and A.D.D. sufferer, DeMarco Gamble (London Brown) are two loving parents raising their daughter in separate households. When DeMarco falls in love with another woman, Vilisa Whitaker (Faune Watkins), and plans a Christmas Wedding; Katrina sets in motion a diabolical plan to ruin their fairytale wedding. Sean Patrick Thomas (Save the Last Dance), Clifton Powell (Ray) and Jason Weaver (Drumline) round out the cast.
1583 ::: Billy the Kid in Santa Fe (1941) ::: After being framed for murder, Billy escapes jail with the help of his pals Jeff and Fuzzy. They travel to Santa Fe where they meet up again with Joe Benson, the man paid by Barton to lie at Billy's trial. This time Joe is framed for murder.
1584 ::: Yi ban hai shui, yi ban huo yan (2008) ::: Wong Yiu was a very shameless person and a blackmailer until one day he met a waitress named Ni Chen. He thought Ni Chen was like any other girls that could be controlled by him, but her stubbornness was way beyond his imagination. As time goes by, they both lost their ways and losing themselves in the process. He was not as free as he once was. Insanity causes him to end her life. Eight years later, Wong Yiu stepped out from the jail. He carried a gun and went to look for Ni Chen's mother at her home wishing to fulfill his own will.
1585 ::: Our Lives on Mars (2016) ::: As NASA prepares for a manned expedition to Mars, many speculate this will be a first step toward a permanent human settlement on the planet. So, is it ever too soon to ask what lives could be like on Mars, or on any other planet future generations are destined to call home? What form could their society take? Is it a good time to select the best ideas and institutions that have allowed progress on Earth? Maybe all they will need is the modern system of merit and innovation that is ensuring they have a chance to leave Earth and continue our human journey. When we venture into the unknown we need to consider what to take with us, and what to leave behind. That could be an opportunity to create a brighter future and a better world.
1586 ::: Witches in Stitches (1997) ::: Hop aboard a broomstick for this tale of two dim-witted witches who accidentally turn their sister into a jack-o-lantern on Halloween...and that's just the beginning of the story. Join the silly sisters as they turn a typical suburban town topsy-turvy with their inept attempts to rescue their sister-turned-pumpkin on Halloween night. Watch them fly around town, go trick-or-treating for the first time, and pop in on a children's Halloween party.
1587 ::: Diary of a Times Square Thief (2008) ::: Diary of a Times Square Thief documents a journey of discovery: the search for the writer of a mysterious diary that the filmmaker found on Ebay. This manuscript describes the adventures of a young man who, in the late eighties, left the Midwest of the United States to go to New York to realize his big dream: to find a publisher for his work and become a writer. He fails, and the diary gives a frank and confronting account of the author's subsequent downfall. This is where the diary ends; its last pages have been cut out with a knife. Diary of a Times Square Thief consists of small, intimate portraits of some of the colorful characters described in the diary, who could have known its writer. Through these encounters clarity gradually emerges about the fate of the talented but failed author, and about the value of chasing dreams. In addition, the film paints a vivid picture of the world-famous Times Square area when it was still a dramatically brutal urban jungle.
1588 ::: Crossbow Killer (2015) ::: On a sweltering hot summer day in February 1992, the unidentifiable bloated body of a man was found floating in the polluted Black River in a picturesque suburb of Cape Town. He had a crossbow bolt through his head. Across town Louisa Chatburn had reported her husband Graham missing just a few days earlier, claiming he had gone for an early morning walk and never returned. Through a ground-breaking and ingenious new method, the pathologist on the case was able to take the victims fingerprints and he was identified. Slowly the police put the puzzle pieces together, and the facts about the horrific murder began to emerge. The evidence began pointing at the victim's wife Louisa Chatburn. Police discovered she had bought a crossbow a couple of months earlier.
1589 ::: Hallucination Generation (1966) ::: A drama set in Spain where a small group of American young adults is living. The leader of the group is a drug dealer. The others are there living carefree lives as beatniks. The leader has more nefarious aims in mind, and uses drugs to lure the others into lives of crime. Most of the film is in black and white, but there is a psychedelic sequence depicting the purported effects of the group using LSD which was filmed in color. Purportedly intended as a warning against the dangers of pill-popping Sixties hedonism along the lines of 1936's Reefer Madness, the film's primary purpose appears to have been titillation, thus landing it in the genre of exploitation cinema.
1590 ::: "Braingames" (1983) ::: "Braingames" originally a was a program that aired Mondays on HBO in 1983 and are also available as series of interactive videocassettes that integrate history, art, music, culture, and sports. Each cassette features two episodes, such as "Wrongovia" (Mystery and History), "Safari Solitaire" (Animal Quiz), "Memory Rock" (Memory Challenge), and many more.
1591 ::: Dierks Bentley: Live from the Ryman (2010) ::: After headlining arena tours, seven chart-topping singles and prestigious industry awards, Dierks Bentley returns to his roots. Dierks hit the road on a whirlwind schedule to play 24 shows in 30 days as part of his "Up On The Ridge Tour" and was backed by the critically acclaimed Travelin' McCourys and the Punch Brothers, arguably the most innovative and technically complete pickers in acoustic music. The tour ended in Nashville for a hometown finale at the historic Ryman Auditorium. The show features Dierks and band performing some of his biggest hits and songs from the new album like title track "Up On The Ridge," "Draw Me a Map" and "East Bound and Down."
1592 ::: "I.M." (2016) ::: A thriller series about the dangers of the internet - and an age where everything is stored on your computer. Two girls unwittingly get on the wrong side of a dangerous hacker when attempting to torrent movies, and it is not long before they realize just how easy it is for the most personal information to get into the wrong hands
1593 ::: The Sadness of the Trees (2015) ::: A film by Mikel Guillen and Scott Barley. Two separate, yet poetically connected films that act as a threnody on nature; with the trees as silent observers to Man's insidious desolation. Mikel Guillen's film is dedicated to the artist, Hiroshi Sugimoto. Scott Barley's film is dedicated to the artist, Vija Celmins.
1594 ::: Samadhan (1979) ::: Before Sujay is able to complete his studies, he is forced to marry Vijaya, a pious lady from his village, by his father. Vijaya was aware that Sujay was not convinced with the match however used to try her best to ensure that Sujay was happy. Sujay's father did not approve of his elder son Ajay who lived in Kolkata and lived upon his father-in-law's mercy. Sujay's sister Maya and her husband lived with Sujay , Vijaya and their father in the village. Maya was unhappy as her husband had no job. Sujay goes to Kolkata for better prospects and is introduced to a rich industrialist by Ajay. Ajay had never liked his father's principles and was also against Sujay's marriage to Vijaya. He brings on the negotiation of the rich man's daughter Polly to be married to Sujay. Polly's father announces that Sujay should go abroad to complete his studies and the engagement shall happen once he is back. In the village, Vijaya is shattered when she comes to know that Sujay was going aboard. Sujay does complete his studies however declares Vijaya as his life partner when he comes back.
1595 ::: It's Still Elementary (2007) ::: In 1996, Women's Educational Media released their groundbreaking documentary Its Elementary-Talking About Gay Issues in School. It's Still Elementary tells the fascinating history of why and how the 1996 film was made, the infamous response it provoked from the conservative right, and the questions it raises about the national safe schools movement today. Includes interviews with some of the original students and teachers from Its Elementary. It's STILL Elementary presents a moving story about the power to ignite positive social change through documentary film and grassroots organizing. It examines the incredible impact of It's Elementary-Talking About Gay Issues in School over the last decade, and follows up with teachers and students featured in the first film to see how lessons about LGBT people changed their lives. It's STILL Elementary also documents the story behind the controversial PBS broadcast of It's Elementary and the infamous right-wing attacks on the film and its creators. It's STILL Elementary is a call to action for parents and educators to continue working for safe, inclusive schools.
1596 ::: Giants in Milan Vol.3: The Duomo Cathedral and La Scala Theatre (2015) ::: The bike trip of Pino Farinotti around Milan continues to tell the story of other two giants, but this time they're not humans: the Duomo cathedral and the La Scala theatre. It's not simple to realize cultural documentaries that are also easy to understand, but this third chapter of Giants in Milan has successfully joined the category. Following the same way of telling of the previous ones, the documentary focuses on two giants which are not people as those showns in the other ones, but buildings.
1597 ::: Zerre (2012) ::: In a city full of unemployment, people, their troubles and lives, are they as mundane, haphazard and tiny as myriadly dispersed particles? What about Zeynep, clinged onto life with her little daughter and mother, how much space does she cover up in this immense Universe?
1598 ::: Romantic Gothic Comedy (2001) ::: Four different story lines for this Harmony Concepts bondagefest: two lovely ladies stalk each other; a villainess learns the ropes; a young lady fleeing a kidnapper wonders if she's fallen into a worse fate and two shackled beauties struggle to find a single handcuff key with freedom going to the winner.
1599 ::: Bondage Party (2010) ::: Kellie, a beautiful Australian woman, discovers her boyfriend's bondage DVD and, after watching with her girlfriend, decide to try some of the scenarios. The two take turns dominating one another until Kellie's boyfriend returns home and decides to take a hand in their bondage games. Three other vignettes are included. In the next story, a pretty brunette is overpowered while reading a book and immobilized with her wrists and ankles roped to the ceiling. The next vignette features two rivals battling each other until the defeated foe is roped to a lounge chair and silenced with a cleave gag. In the last story, a crazed fan manages to get her hero, a beautiful singer-songwriter, to listen to her vocal stylings only after applying plenty of rope to the musician's body and plenty of tape to her mouth.
1600 ::: This Is Taylor (2016) ::: This Is Taylor is about a goofy college student who discovers that she likes girls, as we follow her search to find the right one. Originally airing on Snapchat, this intimate look at Taylor's day-to-day life takes place over the course of 32 days.
1601 ::: 2056 Escape from Zombie Island (2012) ::: Tar and his Sons own a private island for their big cat reserve. He allows a new post war president to use the island for special top secret military purposes. Of course everything goes to hell and there is action, action and more action. In 2056 the world has been nearly destroyed by war. Some maintain their military outfits even though they were no more real armies, nor countries. These Military Outfits still looked for weapons of mass destruction, some to make sure the world isn't destroyed and yet others to control the balance of power
1602 ::: It's a Free World... (2007) ::: Angie gets the sack from a recruitment agency for bad behaviour in public. Seizing the chance, she teams up with her flatmate, Rose, to run a similar business from their kitchen. With immigrants desperate to work the opportunities are considerable, particularly for two girls so in tune with these times.
1603 ::: O.Y.S. (????) ::: O.Y.S is a drama portraying the parallel yet interweaves troubled stories of a group of people whose path unexpectedly collided consequently altering the course of their lives forever. An over-stressed honest father working overtime as a freight truck driver and his despondent wife with a taste for luxury and other men, a spiritually embittered gospel singer trying to come to terms with her fallout from grace, a fatally injured successful born architect distraught by a recent divorce, an atheist and high profile attorney whose job is defending drug traffickers, a murderer thief who has an epiphany in jail and a well regarded preacher head of his own ministry. Our narrative underlines the maladies and ambitions of the human condition. This emotional drama is presented in a bold cinematic language utilizing a compelling down-to-earth storyline with universal appeal about the daily events that shape their lives. O.Y.S brings to the audience an honest perspective for compassion and justice. Our storyline is sprinkled with action, anticipation and shrewdness therefore creating the perfect condition for redemption and forgiveness. Besides of our effort offering entertainment and high production values, O.Y.S - Overcome Your Shackles- offers a motivational message revisiting the inherent human potential for doing the right thing.
1604 ::: The Great American Serial Killer (2011) ::: In the early 1990s, Robert Kemp savagely raped, tortured, and murdered thirty-two people before being caught and sentenced to death. The Great American Serial Killer is the account of the final interview by Dr. Jeremiah Stone. Kemp's story, in his own words, lets us all see into the mind of the twisted and sadistic mind of a true psychopath.
1605 ::: Woo hoo (2010) ::: With the help of her grandfather, the sole remaining master of the village's traditional Chinese dance 'woohoo', a girl and five fellow quirky youngsters begin training for the village festival. Things don't go well however, and they are beset with troubles and accidents.
1606 ::: "Stories for the Soul" (2017) ::: Linda (Andrea Torres), an orphan who found love with Manuel. Just when everything is falling into place, she becomes a widow at an early age after her husband dies from an accident. Childless and alone, she chooses to stay with her mother-in-law Gloria (Shamaine Buencamino) who also mourns with the loss of her son. Even with the bond that they have built together, the latter still tells her to find a new life and start over. She then meets Ramon (Mike Tan) and falls in love with him. Will Linda and Ramon finally end up together? Will Ramon cause a strain in the relationship of Gloria and Linda?
1607 ::: Confessions from a Holiday Camp (1977) ::: In a typical British holiday camp during summer the employees are bored to hell. In order to enjoy the summer and have some holiday while working they celebrate erotic parties. This is great pleasure for them until the arrival of a new manager who tries to change the bad habits and turns their lives into hell. Timmy Lea (Askwith) and his brother in law Sidney Nogget (Booth) run a holiday camp with complete disregard for the rest of the holidaymakers!. Picking girls for their liking life seems idyllic......that is until a new camp commandant takes over and starts whipping the staff into a new regime!. With an all star cast and following on from the previous 3 films, this 70's comedy will make you wish your next holiday was here!.
1608 ::: Flesh of the Living (2012) ::: A monstrous solar storm causes the Earth to be bombarded with high levels of radiation. The dead begin to return. They are carnivorous, oozing, blood-thirsty, flesh eating zombies. The story is told through the eyes of survivors, news special reports, and government agents fighting to save humanity at any cost. Zombies roam the countryside and the city streets eating anyone in their path. The president calls for the nation to not panic at the growing crisis. These are stories from a gore drenched, blood covered zombie apocalypse.
1609 ::: North of Vortex (1991) ::: A gay poet heads west from New York City in his convertible. He picks up a muscular sailor who's bisexual; then Jackie, a waitress at a diner, joins them. Jackie is attracted to the poet who rebuffs her romantic gestures; rejection fuels her continued interest in him. The sailor and the poet are bonded by sex, but the sailor's frank advances to Jackie make him uninteresting to her. The sailor can get violent, the poet is passive, Jackie is glamorous and detached. The landscape changes, they stop in cities and in the desert. They reach a lake. Who will be left out of a final pairing?
1610 ::: The Law Comes to Texas (1939) ::: Dean, the Bailey County Judge, is the boss of both the outlaw gang and the Sheriff. He utilizes the state law that Sheriffs have jurisdiction only in their own county. After a raid the gang merely returns to the safety of Bailey County. The Governor sends Lawyer John Hayes. When he has no success as a Lawyer he leaves town only to return disguised as an outlaw with a scheme that will nab all the culprits.
1611 ::: To Be or Not to Be (1983) ::: A bad Polish actor is just trying to make a living when what should intrude but World War II in the form of an invasion. His wife has the habit of entertaining young Polish officers while he's on stage which is also a source of depression to him. When one of her officers comes back on a Secret Mission, the actor takes charge and comes up with a plan for them to escape. A Polish actor (Frederick Bronski) and his wife (Anna) are renowned actors in Poland at the start of WWII. In the opening, Anna has been receiving flowers from a young pilot who always sits in the second row during the performances, so decides to meet with Lt. Sobinski backstage during her husband's rendition of the soliloquy "To Be, or Not to Be." It is during one of these interviews that word comes of invasion by the Nazis, and everything spins out of control. Sobinski is in England with a band of Polish resisters when he is sent back to Poland on a mission to save the lives of all the Polish Underground. He goes to Anna after parachuting into the country, and the rest of the movie unfolds with a comedic air as Sobinski, the Bronskis, and the theater troupe try to get out of Poland alive.
1612 ::: Prove per una tragedia siciliana (2009) ::: In Rehearsal for a Sicilian Tragedy, actor John Turturro (Barton Fink, Do the Right Thing) takes audiences on a haunting, intimate journey to his maternal homeland of Sicily. There, while exploring the island's vanishing traditions, he is taken under the wing of one of the puppet theater's few remaining practitioners, Mimmo Cuticchio, who instructs him in the distinctively Sicilian art of puppetry.
1613 ::: Nightwork (????) ::: A minimum-wage-slave finds a million dollars in a suitcase, and flees to Europe to start a new life - but he's soon forced to go on the run, with a charming hustler teaching him the ropes, and gangsters on their tail who want the stolen money back.
1614 ::: For the Love of Pleasure (1979) ::: A woman wakes up to catch Simon Black robbing her bedroom. To his surprise, she points a gun at him and says her husband won't be home for another hour. She then forces Simon to have sex with her or she'll call the police. She has sex with him until they hear her husband coming home. The woman tells Simon to get out, but he can't help himself climaxing. She therefore improvises by yelling "stop, thief!" and shoots Simon to death. Simon wakes up in the afterlife, where Shiva promises him an endless supply of food and sex encounters. Alas, when he is too exhausted to deflower a high school senior, Shiva has him doing it anyway. After a while, he says it's too much to bare, but Shiva says she can't stop it. He therefore claims he doesn't belong in heaven anyway. Shiva then asks him whoever said this was heaven?
1615 ::: Silent Hunter (1995) ::: A hardened, relentless cop (Jim Parandine) is pushed to the edge when his family is murdered by some criminals. He becomes a recluse in the mountains, where years later, the same criminals end up to rob a bank. Jim uses his Navy Seal training and police experience to hunt down the criminals one by one and get vengeance for his loved ones.
1616 ::: 29 Reasons to Run (2006) ::: Murphy's Law takes over when a slacker (Jack Paradise) runs out of couches to sleep on and decides to take a road trip to find his lost love, but only after tricking his novel-challenged writer and best friend (Peter Jonson) into believing that this trip could be the story he's been searching to write all of his life.
1617 ::: "Abbey & Janice: Beauty & The Best" (2007) ::: Britain's Next Top Model star and WAG, Abbey Clancy, appears in this brand new series with the woman who put the "super" in 'supermodel' - the legendary Janice Dickinson (America's Next Top Model and The Janice Dickinson Modelling Agency). The show sees Abbey taking on modeling challenges in each episode that mirror Janice's own incredible career with the ultimate end goal of cracking America.
1618 ::: Rôjin to rabudôru: Watashi ga shochô ni natta toki... (2008) ::: Mr. Ueno, retired, lives alone; he talks to Maria, a maid-droid his parents brought from their factory decades ago. Maria became Ueno's companion after his parents' deaths, and now her battery is run down; there are no replacement parts. Meanwhile, Inspector Akagi and her police squad are looking for a serial rapist that may not be human; however, if it's a robot, in harming people it would be disobeying Asimov's rules of robotics. Akagi's inquiry takes her to a droid factory run by Mr. X; he helps by explaining why host-droids, the male equivalent of a maid-droid, don't sell. What will Ueno and Akagi learn about love and the nature of men and women?
1619 ::: "Rich and Reckless" (2008) ::: "MUSCLE BOUND" - Extortion is the exercise by the owner at a Miami gym. One of the clients were brought into their extortion scheme to obtain as much money as possible from a few targets. When that client states they didn't sign up for all of this, the client and his wife are kidnapped when he threatens to call the police. This episode goes through twists such as fake deaths, real murders, guns, and high speed chases.
1620 ::: Once upon a Truth (2017) ::: We all grew up with the fairy tales of the Grimm Brothers. And we all know that fairy tales are not true. Or are they? When the two children of an ambitious journalist push their teacher into an oven because their mother called her a 'witch, a storm of media indignation breaks loose. In an experiment, the mother explores what fairy tales can lead to. The search for truth...becomes insane.
1621 ::: The Waiting Place (????) ::: The Waiting Place is the story of Maddie, the seven year old daughter of Mark and Suzanne Davis who three months after "The Infection" is forced to make a life changing decisions. With No Food, No Water, and No Parents, she is left on her own to survive.
1622 ::: Irgendwas ist immer (2003) ::: On her 23rd birthday Julia is dumped by her boyfriend Patrick. Her dreams of a career in pop journalism are gone, and she discovers that she is pregnant by Patrick, who already has a new girlfriend. Although she has a new admirer, she is determined to get Patrick back - whatever it takes ...
1623 ::: Pensando en Grande: La Nueva Historia del Caucho (2012) ::: Inequity, insecurity, environmental damage and lack of opportunity, have delayed the economic and social development that Latin America needs. But entrepreneurs, scientist and leaders across the continent have the key to transform the region: innovation.
1624 ::: "Made in Turkey" (2011) ::: Kilim, tea glass, Iznik Quartz Tile, Maras ice cream, nail polish, tulle curtain, wicker chair, silk scarf, dried fruits, Turkish delight, lace table cloth, a fridge, a car, even a war helicopter: all things that are MADE IN TURKEY. A dynamic, commercial, fun way to see all that Turkey has to offer, Made in Turkey will get down to business. How are things made, how they impact the world we live in. From everyday objects to traditional gems, this exciting new series will take a look at all things that are Made in Turkey.
1625 ::: Il federale (1961) ::: 1944. Primo Arcovazzi a fanatic member of Brigate Nere (fascist organization) is in charge to bring an opponent to the regime, Prof. George Wilson, from Abruzzo to Roma. He accepted the mandate because of his wish to be upgraded to "Federale". They travel by a sidecar trough the disastrous Italy, near to the final collapse, under bombings and in agony. Nevertheless the bad situation, they manage to build up a kind of friendship. Primo, even if the signals of final destruction are near, doesn't lose his trust in the regime. The end is near.
1626 ::: No Friends but the Mountains (2017) ::: With the rise of ISIS and the central role played by the Kurdish Peshmerga in the fight against them, the question of Kurdish independence has taken on greater urgency. To answer this pressing question, Kurdish author Kae Bahar travels from his London home to his rocky and mountainous homeland, finding a complex mix of Kurdish nationalism and internal division. 'War or Peace?' Bahar asks. The answer is not so simple.
1627 ::: The Brisbane Bard (2012) ::: In the late 1950s Brisbane, anonymous poems began showing up in a Brisbane cafe causing quite a stir. Some fifty years on, renowned Australian poet, Rupert McCall sheds some light on this mysterious figure known only as The Brisbane Bard. Sometimes the fact gets tangled up with the fiction as Rupert uncovers about a time now gone, of loss and of how carefully we consider exactly what it is that we love about the cities we live in.
1628 ::: CivvyStreet (1988) ::: Lou and Albert Beale are celebrating their marriage in Walford, in the East End of London, and planning their happy life together, when war is declared. Albert goes to war, leaving Lou and her three children behind. Luckily, Lou has her mother, sister Flo and a gang of friends including young Ethel, dodgy Reg and pub landlords Ray and Lil to keep her company. Will Albert return from war intact? Will Lou stay faithful? Will Ethel find love in the arms of a GI or her admirer William? This is a nostalgic glimpse at life in BBC's "EastEnders" 40 years before the soap commenced and features insights into some of the show's favourite characters.
1629 ::: Red & Blue Marbles (2011) ::: The Earth barely misses impact with a passing meteor roughly a quarter the size of the moon. The aftermath leaves the Earth off its axis by one degree. As the nights become longer, the planet begins to cool and mankind must decide if they want to stay on Earth or leave for their neighboring planet of Mars to start anew.
1630 ::: The Real Little Britain (2004) ::: Documentary which goes in search of real-life versions of the characters and situations featured in the comedy series _"Little Britain" (2003)_ (qv), exploring contemporary Britain for the 'only gay in the village', men that think they are ladies and outspoken teenagers.
1631 ::: Artpark People (1976) ::: A state park in upstate New York sponsors artists who create sculpture, earthworks, and performance on the site. The artists work outdoors and interact with park visitors during the summer season. Opera, jazz and dance performances at the park complete a new kind of public recreation.
1632 ::: Honeymoon for Three (1941) ::: Noted writer Kenneth Bixby, in love with his witty secretary Anne Rogers, nevertheless agrees to a tete-a-tete with a former college fling, loopy Danish girl Julie who is married to penny-pinching Harvey Wilson. Bixby realizes he is in way over his head when he finds out he has become the co-respondent in a divorce lawsuit filed by Wison. Ken is a noted novelist who is engaged to his personal secretary, Anne. In Cleveland, on a book tour, he meets Julie who thinks that she is the Miriam that he describes in his novels. It seems that they went together eight years earlier in college and she wants to restart the affair. Arthur and Elizabeth are trying to keep them apart as Julie is married to Harvey and they do not want the family involved in a scandal. Ken is spineless and Anne is furious.
1633 ::: A Challenge for Robin Hood (1967) ::: Robin, a young Norman nobleman, is falsely accused by his cousin of murdering another cousin. His accuser is actually in league with the corrupt Sheriff of Nottingham to seize control of the family lands, which Robin would inherit. Forced to flee into nearby Sherwood Forest, Robin begins to gather a band of rebels to fight against his scheming cousin and the evil sheriff.
1634 ::: Mexico City Conversations (2011) ::: Following New York, director Pierre-Paul Puljiz took his super8 camera to meet Mexico City's brilliant independent artistic scene. Directors, actors, artists, performers... let's hear them talk about art, life, roots and, of course, Mexico.
1635 ::: 58th Annual Miss America Pageant (1978) ::: The telecast increased from one and a half hours to two hours. Every state titleholder was assured of at least a $1000 scholarship at their respective state pageants before arriving in Atlantic City for the Miss America finals. Miss America's scholarship was raised to $10,000. The television audience increased to sixty million viewers as Mississippi's Mary Ann Mobley became Miss America 1959, a first for her state.
1636 ::: Kanehsatake: 270 Years of Resistance (1993) ::: This film documents the 1990 crisis when Native Americans of the Mohawk Nation blocked access to reserve land which was being appropriated against their will by the White community of Oka, Quebec, Canada. What this film shows is the initial incident and the resulting siege from the Mohawks point of view as an illustration how this is simply a result of resistance to 270 years of European racism pushing them around and leading up to this confrontation.
1637 ::: Great War in Colour: In Art and Photography (2014) ::: Even though the technology existed to produce color at the time, most of the surviving photographic images of the Great War were shot in black and white. In this film we feature rare images produced by pioneers of color photography at work on both sides of the lines. Also war artists on both sides both official and unofficial painted a vivid pictures of the world as it really was in full color.
1638 ::: The Costume Designer (1950) ::: This short focuses on the job of the costume designer in the production of motion pictures. The costume designer must design clothing that is correct for the film historically and geographically, and must be appropriate for the mood of the individual scene. We see famed costume designer 'Edith Head' (qv) at work on a production.
1639 ::: Compliance (2018) ::: 'To Ensure your Compliance' is a high concept, sci-fi drama. The short film, which focuses on character driven story, is set in a future where the Earth's population has grown unsustainable. A worldwide, government mandated Lottery has been put into effect, the goal of which is to cut the population in half. A renowned psychologist has been selected, but his estranged son has tracked him down and is offering to take his place. They have ten minutes to decide who takes the small white pill that will end their life. Should they fail to comply, the ruling of the Lottery will be enforced, either way.
1640 ::: Le fils de Jean (2016) ::: Mathieu has never known his father. His mother has always told him he was the fruit of a one-night-stand. One morning, in his Parisian flat, he receives a call from Quebec telling him his father just died. Mathieu decides to go to the funeral and meet the two Canadian brothers he just found out he had. In Montreal, nobody is aware of his existence, and Mathieu realizes he is in a hostile territory.
1641 ::: GP506 (2008) ::: (Korean with English subtitles) A squad of Korean soldiers is sent to investigate a guard post that overlooks the DMZ. Seemingly deserted at first, the squad eventually discovers mysterious corpses and body parts strewn all throughout the post. Amidst the macabre scene they discover one survivor with a bloody ax in his hand, but soon he falls into a coma, leaving more questions unanswered.
1642 ::: Die Unberührbare (2000) ::: Flanders, a famous female author, travels 1989 after the fall of the Berlin wall into the German capital. She is deeply depressed of the events because she saw the communistic states as a very good thing that has now ended. In the joy of these days she finds no person to understand her, so she has to travel back to Munich. After meeting several people, known and unknown, it seems as if there will be no way to go.
1643 ::: Behind the Chutes (2004) ::: Travel with these cowboys and experience this unique lifestyle and a piece of Americana. The see the passion they have for their sport, meet the families, the bucking stock, their camaraderie, and the inside elements of what they do and why. We learn about their injuries, expenses, traveling, and follow their journey to the National Finals in Las Vegas. This film is a lifestyle piece about these special, and little understood, cowboys.
1644 ::: Manusangada (2017) ::: Kolappan, a low caste dalit, is forced by upper caste people to carry his father's corpse through a thorny and unformed route to an uncertain graveyard. When he finds the official powers aligning with casteist forces, Kolappan begins a protest to enforce social liberty equal to all. Will he succeed in bringing a change in the situation? The film 'Manusangada' a true story that took place as lately as 2016, depicts the signaling of the rise of Dalit struggles in contemporary India against long standing human rights violations.
1645 ::: Coal Black Voices (2001) ::: Coal Black Voices is an intimate mosaic of images, poetry, and storytelling by the Affrilachian Poets as they give glimpses of life in the American Black South and Appalachian region. The ensemble of African-American writers challenge simple notions of an all white Appalachian region and culture while drawing on traditions such as the Harlem Renaissance, the Black Arts Movement, and experiences of the African Diaspora. The poetry of the Affrilachian Poets celebrates their African heritage and rural roots while encompassing themes of racism and Black identity. In this documentary they give voice to the pleasures of family, land, good food, artistic community, music and transformation.
1646 ::: The Making of SI Swimsuit 2017 (2017) ::: SI Swimsuit is the fantasy in the middle of the winter. But in 2017 the idea of beauty is shifting. Featuring gold medalists and a shocking return, "The Making of SI Swimsuit 2017 celebrates how beauty comes in all types of different packages.
1647 ::: SplinterBike (2012) ::: With the immortal words "if you build, I'll ride it", two friends embark on an eleven month journey to set the first official world land-speed record on a bicycle constructed 100% solely from wood. Little did they know that their eccentric plan born in rural Norfolk, England, was going to put them at the center of global media storm, as the world watched in awe and disbelief. Narrated by Robert Llewellyn, this is an hilarious tale of British engineering, eccentricity and sporting endeavour at its best.
1648 ::: Secret de banlieue (2002) ::: When Ariane and her father David, move in a new city, she meets her new friend Catherine. She's rebel, she's hot... She is not like her. But then Ariane learn to feel free but something is always holding her back... His father is way too protective and sonething's not right...
1649 ::: 101 Ways (The Things a Girl Will Do to Keep Her Volvo) (2000) ::: 101 Ways (the things a girl will do to keep her Volvo) chronicles the epic adventures of Watson (Wendy Hoopes), a struggling young writer who moves to the quiet suburbs to write her first novel. A New York City native, Watson isn't much of a driver, and her over-protective mother forces her to buy a car she can't afford - a brand new Volvo. Watson falls in love with the car, but real life quickly catches up to her in the form of the repo man when she falls behind on her monthly payments. To avoid losing her beloved wheels, Watson tries her hand at two of the oldest professions: waiting tables and phone sex. At the same time, her meddling best friend (Jamie Harrold), convinces Watson to ignite her stagnant love life by pursuing a sexually-phobic pilot (Gabriel Macht) and an aloof supermarket cashier (Glenn Fitzgerald). The result is a refreshing comedy packed with star cast performances and an overriding moral: life's long and winding road has as many speed bumps as straightaways.
1650 ::: Stop the Church (1991) ::: The AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power (ACT UP) New York and the Women's Health Action Network (WHAM!)targeted the Catholic Church in New York City and Cardinal John O'Connor's rejection of safer sex education and condom use, in a December 10, 1989 demonstration at St. Patrick's Cathedral. At a time when the church and Cardinal O'Connor was taking a more conservative turn--supporting Operation Rescue's blockades of pregnancy clinics offering abortions; opposing needle exchange to block HIV transmission among injection-drug users; opposing any gay-rights ordinances--they were also collecting money for services to people dying from AIDS. The film documents ACT UP's most controversial and provocative political actions
1651 ::: Sunset (2008/I) ::: Josie's creative motivation is challenged as she struggles to balance her artistic aspirations with taking care of her aging grandfather, Nathan, in the early stages of his Alzheimers. New doors open when an art dealer named Ian shows interest in more than just her work. Josie is forced to come to terms with decisions that could not only change her life, but those close to her. Poetic imagery and tone weaves this inspirational narrative of rediscovery in ones personal goals with the journey to capturing what truly inspires and helps each connect to the world around them.
1652 ::: Hamlet (1921) ::: Danish silent movie-star Asta Nielsen formed her own production company to make this film, in which new elements are combined with features (and a few lines) familiar from Shakespeare's version of the legend. The most important of these changes sees Hamlet made into a female character - a princess forced to masquerade as a man by her scheming mother; from this follows Hamlet's secret passion for Horatio and rivalry with Ophelia for his love. Queen Gertrude is here presented as conspiring in her first husband's murder, and the old king's ghost does not appear - young Hamlet merely hears a voice from the tomb and (apparently) dreams of him. In addition, Hamlet now kills Claudius (in a fire) immediately upon returning from Norway with an army led by old school- friend Fortinbras, and it falls to Gertrude to engineer Hamlet's death in the fencing match as well as kill herself by accidentally drinking the poisoned wine.
1653 ::: Brotherhood of Thunder (2016) ::: Every year, before memorial day weekend, thousands of military veterans set off on a cross country mission to ride their motorcycles from Ontario California to Washington D.C. in service of their fallen and missing brothers. Through this Run For The Wall (RFTW) ride, these veterans experience support, healing, and peace as they remember those they lost and are celebrated for their service to our great nation. The experience is one of tremendous hardship, as the riders face the harsh environments across the United States but also one of great victory as they are united along side over 1 million riders during The Rolling Thunder Motorcycle Demonstration in D.C. Together they ride to bring awareness to POWs and MIAs unaccounted for. They ride to heal. They Ride to Serve. They are The Brotherhood of Thunder.
1654 ::: The Journey of a Lifetime-Better Days (2011) ::: Steve Whyte is the Uk's Most inspirational Motivational Speaker and Best Selling Author, he inspires many internationally. In this segment you will see the Official Full Documentary from Steve Whyte's and Billings Siwila - "Better-Days VOL.1 South Africa" Featuring: Better-Days Project Ltd Operation Motivation.
1655 ::: The Innocent (1985) ::: This densely-packed film is based on a book by Tom Hart about the struggles of a young Yorkshire boy trying to come to grips with squabbling parents, a doctor who wants to institutionalize him because of his epilepsy, and a mother who refuses to accept that he is different in any way -- and that is only the half of it. The boy, Tim (Andrew Hawley), also acts as a go-between for his friend Carns (Liam Neeson) who is having an affair with a married woman (Miranda Richardson). Eventually, things start to sort themselves out, and Tim sees life getting more interesting when he and his friend Win (Kate Foster) slowly get a relationship going.
1656 ::: Anderssonskans Kalle (1934) ::: Anderssonskans Kalle is the typical 'Söderkis'. It's a boy growing up on Söder in Stockholm and he is very fond of practical jokes. His mother sees him as a good natured boy but his victims, mostly the local policeman and two old crones in the same house, see him as the devil himself.
1657 ::: We're Doomed! The Dad's Army Story (2015) ::: In 1967 actor Jimmy Perry shows his friend David Croft the script of a sitcom he has written based on his time in the Home Guard, entitled 'Fighting Tigers'. Head of BBC TV comedy Michael Mills likes it, changing its title to 'Dad's Army' though, to Jimmy 's dismay, he refuses to let him act in it. He commissions Jimmy and David to write a whole series, despite TV controller Paul Fox's misgivings that the Second World War is too fresh in people's mind to be comedic. The pilot goes ahead with an ensemble cast keen to perform despite a low wage and some with problems of their own, notably star Arthur Lowe's tendency to forget his lines, and Jimmy is thrilled that wartime favourite Bud Flanagan is performing its theme song. In April 1968 the first show is recorded in front of an enthusiastic test audience. Fox is less generous in his opinion but the viewing figures ensure the show's future, running for nine series and becoming one of the best-loved of all British television sitcoms.
1658 ::: National Lampoon's the Great American Run (2008) ::: Inspired by the blockbuster Hollywood movie, Cannonball Run, hardcore driving enthusiasts put pedal to the metal and face a series of extreme mental and physical challenges that test the spirit and staying power of driver and machine. Exotic cars, exotic lifestyle & eccentric people. Six days and 3,000 miles later, the winner captures his prize: a $86,000 custom Ultimate Bad Boy Saleen.
1659 ::: The Tic Code (1999) ::: A 10 year old gifted boy wants to be a jazz pianist much to the chagrin of his more classical oriented piano instructor. With his mother's help, he is an underage regular at a local nightspot, where he is teamed up with a sax superstar. Both come to learn that each suffers from Tourette's Syndrome (thus the film title). The older man has developed mannerisms to cover up his own fallibilities and resents the boy and his mother's acceptance of the disease.
1660 ::: Ekamevadwitheeyam (2006) ::: An attempt by the Cochin Royal family members to embrace pure Vaishnavism was thwarted temporarily at least by the sovereign Sakthan Thampuran who was a secularist in the true sense and a shrewd Raja who reigned Cochin state for several years.
1661 ::: Super Bowl XLVII (2013) ::: On February 3rd, 2013, two fierce competitors squared off in New Orleans for the Lombardi Trophy. Facing retirement Ray Lewis knew he needed to use the force to defeat the evil empire, the San Francisco 49ers. After training for years in the Dagobah System the Baltimore defense was able to overcome and beat the 49ers.
1662 ::: One Evening (2004) ::: One Evening is a powerful, dark drama about how the love of a tight-knit affluent Latino family suddenly changes to betrayal when criminal allegations of one of its members, threatens to destroy their reputations and businesses. Does wealth and influence offer immunity to despair? How far will a family go to protect its wealth.
1663 ::: The Guvnors (2014) ::: The Guvnors is both love letter and hate mail to the alpha male. This story's alpha is Mitch who lives buried in suburban London, having turned his back on his previous life of casual violence and intimidation as part of a legendary South East London firm. In the modern day he's the doyen of respectability and quiet confidence, but Mitch used to be a Guv'nor. This film holds a mirror up to Mitch and shows him the monster once again, buried deep in both DNA and psyche, desperate to break out and wreak havoc.
1664 ::: Independence (2007/II) ::: Isolated in a fireworks tent on the side of the interstate is not how Samantha thought she would be spending her summer. A tragic turn of events leaves her desperate to pay rent and with no choice but to take a job offer which promises $1,000 for 10 days. With no bed, no food, no plumbing and seemingly no hope, she receives sustenance from the small town community and develops unlikely friendships with those whom she would have previously rejected. Just when she thinks she can control her environment, she is rendered helpless by an oncoming tornado. When her salvation comes from a local woman from the wrong side of town, Samantha learns that survival begins with acceptance. Based on a true story.
1665 ::: Lightchasers (2007) ::: When all is lost to abandon there remains a gift for someone they have never met. Together in darkness they are ready to chase the light. This film is a powerful and visually charged journey of three strangers towards their awakening in life.
1666 ::: "Elmiro Miranda Show" (2012) ::: After last show's success, each member of the crew tries to pull that responsibility of the success to themselves. That way they end to create a ego war, stopping speaking to each other, even on air, which lowers dramatically their quality.
1667 ::: Drakarna över Helsingfors (2001) ::: Epic tale about two generations of men in a wealthy Finnish family, spanning from the 1960s all the way through the early 1990s. The father has achieved his position as director of the family business through marrying the heiress. Their eldest son Dani, hoped to succeed his father, succumbs to drugs while pursuing a career in rock music. Younger Riku grows up under the shadow of his more talented big brother and slowly drifts into the late 1980s, noticing then how many of his friends have managed to take advantage of the economic upswing.
1668 ::: "The Wars of the Roses" (1965/I) ::: Chronicle of the dysfunctional Plantagenet family from the accession of the young Henry to the death of Richard,last of the Plantagenets. The vacillations of the priestly Henry lead to ungentlemanly behaviour, civil war, treason, murder, regicide, fratricide, and the relentless pursuit of power so characteristic of the Renaissance.
1669 ::: Geography Club (2013) ::: "GEOGRAPHY CLUB" is based on Brent Hartinger's best-selling critically acclaimed novel: "What am I looking for?" asks 16-year old Russell Middlebrook of himself as he heads off on his newest adventure. Russell is still going on dates with girls, while Kevin will do anything to prevent his football teammates from finding out what he is concealing, Min and Terese tell everyone they're really just good friends, and Ike can't figure out who he is or what he wants to be. But the truth is too hard to hide - at least from each other - so they form the Geography Club. Nobody else will discover the truth about them as no other students in their right minds would ever join a club that sounds so boring. Their secrets will be safe from classmates. But are they? "Geography Club" is a smart, fast, moving and funny account of contemporary teenagers as they discover their own sexual identities, dreams and values and not merely live out their parents' desires and ambitions. Russell, Kevin, Min, Terese and Ike may not learn about actual places in their undercover social club, but they daringly explore the danger-filled, clique-mined landscape of Goodkind High School and courageously begin their journey in the exciting, still uncharted terrain of the human heart. Russell Middlebrook, a senior at Goodkind High School, feels like his father wants him to be an exact replica of him. That's why in testing his sexual orientation, he believing he may be gay, Russell has remained deep in the closet. Although officially stood up on a meeting in person leading out of an anonymous online chat, Russell later learns that that other person is a fellow classmate, Kevin Land, one of the school's star football players. Keven eventually makes it clear to Russell that he does want to have relationship with him, only on the understanding that they do remain in the closet. Kevin's own want to be in the closet is despite Russell learning that Kevin's parents would probably be supportive if they knew Kevin was gay, unlike Russell's father. Russell and Kevin believe they are being blackmailed by Min, a fellow student, when she catches them in an embrace. However, what Russell learns is that she only wants to introduce them to the school's "Geography Club", a self-formed club as a front for an in-the-closet or questioning gay/lesbian support group. After testing the waters with them, Russell does decide to join the Club. Beyond Kevin's efforts for he and Russell to legitimize their friendship in public but not their relationship, Russell being able to hide his homosexual orientation is threatened by agreeing to be the wingman for his best friend, Gunnar, which entails Russell dating Trish, an on the surface innocent girl, but who really wants to have sex with Russell. The Geography Club goes through growing pains of its own, with the two main issues being if they will be all inclusive, adding the most marginalized students in the school, and if they should make the Club official, meaning that all its members would be outed. The latter would have a direct affect on what happens in Russell and Kevin's relationship.
1670 ::: The Pipeline Mafia (????) ::: Starring a Crew of 4 Pipeline workers working on a Canadian Pipeline Project. This story follows the temptations,trials and tribulations of a crew of young workers trying to make it thru another pipeline winter season with their lives after getting involved with a big time biker gang. Character Arcs of Cast Danny - 7 Year Pipe liner, with two sons at home, divorced, generally always does the right thing based on past mistakes. Is attempting to get sober for the first time in His life and generally doing a good job this past pipeline Project. He is searching for the answer in life, and throughout the movie constantly displays making the right choices, based on past failures. Mickey - Dozer Hand, He is struggling with substance abuse issues, is constantly abusing steroids and drinks like a maniac. He recently was hooked up with an ex girlfriend of one of the bikers in the movie and is doing his best not to lose His job. He is a good man, with major league problems. JP- JP is a real man, real character, he likes to have his share of beers, but is a definite leader of the Crew. JP has two babies at home and has a solid foundation of character built up from years of 'doing it right'. He owns multiple houses and is the template for what a truly successful man is on the Pipeline. Big Jim- Jim is in his fourties, he has a wife at home who constantly cheats on Him, He is a Straw boss, in Pipeline Terms He is like a Supervisor for the crew. Jim struggles with substance abuse as well but generally keeps his life together. Casey - Casey is in the next generation of Pipeliners, He is in His early 20's and does a good job as a pipeline Laborer. He looks up to Danny a lot and does whatever Danny asks. He also looks up to Mickey because of Mickey's Pipeline Knowledge base. Danny just lost his best friend in a Truck accident. He is facing setbacks at home with his Ex Wife, and is most recent 'rebound' relationship just hatched a new baby. Danny isn't scared of the undesirable fact he now has 4 kids with 3 different women, whom are all accusing him of being this monster of a daddy. Danny and his other best friend Mickey are attempting to regain control of their lives, literally and figuratively. At the end of the day, this young crew of Pipeline Workers are hoping to get the job done, and save their funds while dealing with big time biker crews who will stop at nothing to get a chunk of the pie. 4 young men from Western Canada, from all walks of life, are working on another major Pipeline Project in Alberta, trying to make it thru one more winter to stock up their funds for their families, dreams, addictions and train wrecks. This time around, things don't go so easy for the majority of the crew after getting involved with a heavy duty biker gang with enough connections to bury the crew 6 feet under. The lead star Danny Trevathan has no fear, has made his share of mistakes, and is hoping to rebound from a life of woulda, shoulda, coulda's. His best friend Mickey is going down a road to no where, with demons chasing him every which way. After several setbacks, the crew is looking for the best answer to combat the worst criminals from this biker gang, the Angels. No one is safe after the crew of Pipeliners venture down the wrong road and are playing with fire, playing Russian roulette with real time criminals. Pipeline Construction Workers make hundreds of thousands of dollars per year working on the road, but can this crew make it thru another winter with their lives in tow, that is the key question.
1671 ::: Tom Atkins Blues (2010) ::: The Spaetkauf (Late Night Shop) has been at the heart of Berlin Prenzlauer Berg and an integral part of people's daily lives for over 13 years. A place to meet and hang out, local bar, grapevine, a place to buy anything you might need out of hours. A place to forget your worries. Where there is always time for the customer. Every night and all day Sunday. With reggae, dub & hip hop playing out of the speakers onto the street. Tommy, the Englishman, has worked in the Spaetkauf for years, selling the wares and dealing with arguing couples, lost tourists, drunken locals, late night discussions, participating in heated basketball games, visiting late night clubs and suffering hangovers. A kaleidoscope of people offering glimpses into their lives, hopes and thoughts, weaving a tapestry of local life. But over recent years the neighbourhood has vastly changed. Property development, rising rents and the influx of a more affluent class has seen a deterioration in the social network, leaving the shop as the only reminder of a neighbourhood long gone. Now the supermarket has been refurbished and re-opens until midnight every night. With ever dwindling regular customers, the takings have plummeted. The shop is being put out of business. The decision is made to close. As news spreads, old faces from the past appear, not all of them welcome. Tommy recalls the past, portrays the present and predicts the future with the friends and customers who pass by the shop as they all try to come to terms with the loss of this local institution. Tommy is forced to confront and reflect upon the change and upheaval in his life as well as facing some difficult home truths.
1672 ::: The Man Who Shot Beautiful Women (2013) ::: The gripping story of photographer Erwin Blumenfeld, who survived two world wars to become one of the world's most highly-paid fashion photographers and a key influence on the development of photography as an art form. Yet after a mysterious death in Rome in 1969 his name is little known today - and the reasons for this lie in his unconventional lifestyle. In the first ever film about his life and work, BBC Four uses exclusive access to Blumenfeld's extensive archive of stunning photographs, fashion-films, home-movies and self-portraits to tell of a man obsessed by the pursuit of beautiful women, but also by the endless possibilities of photography itself. With contributions from leading photographers Rankin, Nick Knight and Sřlve Sundsbř; and 82 year old supermodel, Carmen Dell'Orefice, it uncovers the richly complex story of one of the 20th Century's most original photographic artists.
1673 ::: Il circo (2017) ::: Stories of men and women who tell experiences and fragments of their lives, through social issues of great relevance that come together in one world, the Circus. One world, but also a "unique world", in which someone was born, someone else chose it, others happened by chance, or probably found shelter or ended up after running away. Stories of people, always current and complex topics, family, work, ethics and prejudice, to name a few, as well as the Circus as tradition, art and a way of life. Ten characters, some young and some not as young, expressing themselves with great spontaneity and introspection, highlighting perhaps the least known aspects of a peculiar community. The Italian Circus in one of its highest expressions, the Circus Togni Darix. Livio, Corrado and Davio Togni (Darix' children) tell their stories not only as artists, but also as sons, fathers and grandparents, as men, with what they learned from and taught to the Circus, showing with great humanity the private path whom, like them, did the Circus a reason for living. The Circus is a world held in a small chest, but the whole world is in it. (Cit. Davio Togni)
1674 ::: Mr Happy Pants (2014) ::: Wedding Day Binge drinking Reflection at its finest and funniest. Some people said Dean (aka Mr. Happy Pants) would never get married. Dean was one of those people, until he meet Misty. Misty the self proclaimed great tamer of men has changed Dean for the better or so she says. Misty has convinced Dean to give up all of his bad habits including drinking, smoking gambling and most importantly of all womanizing. After deciding to leave his bad habits in the past Dean and Misty decide to settle down and live happily ever after in marital bliss. Enter the Wedding Party. Dean's groomsmen lead by his best man James are determined to show Dean how much Misty has changed him, and not for the better. James masterminds a plan to kidnap Dean from the chapel before the Wedding and take him to a local bar. As the drinks flow the past comes back and slaps Dean in the face. Back at the chapel Misty's bridesmaid's lead by her maid of honor Jessie are standing up and objecting to the big mistake Misty is about to make. Add in a crazy, creepy videographer named Stephan-O roaming the halls shooting any and all things inappropriate and you have the insanity that is Mr. Happy Pants.
1675 ::: The Children's Ark (2001) ::: The Children's Ark tells the incredible true story of Riley H. Allen, an unlikely hero who saved a whole generation from the ravages of war. Riley was the former editor-in-chief of the Honolulu Star Bulletin. He volunteered for the American Red Cross and was sent to the icy coastal Siberian city of Vladivostok; a political tinderbox on the brink of war. By 1918 the Russian Civil War had intensified. St. Petersburg was facing hard times. Groups of school kids were transported to summer camps in the countryside. But then civil war spread unexpectedly, making it impossible for them to get back home to their parents. Against all odds, Riley and his American Red Cross team were able to save eight hundred children and teenagers; taking them on a perilous journey around the world, and finally back home to their parents.
1676 ::: Shakedown: Return of the Sontarans (1994) ::: The space solar yacht Tiger Moth under the command of no-nonsense Captain Lisa Deranne is on a cruise taking some rich misfits on a voyage through space. Unfortunately on their travels they have picked a stowaway, a shape-changing Rutan, a race that has been at war with another race, the Sontarans, since the dawn of time. The Rutan has important news regarding the war and the Sontarans, and upon hearing the news, attack the Tiger Moth and take it over. The Rutan hides itself among the crew and one by one the Sontarans and the human crew are murdered by the Rutan. The Sontarans plan to destroy all life on the Tiger Moth. Can Lisa find out who the Rutan is before the Sontarans destroy her ship and her life?...
1677 ::: Mockingbird (2002) ::: Jerry Falco is a mysteriously eccentric playboy, employed on a contract basis by The Almighty. Or so he says. His new "mark" is Nicole Porter, a waitress at the Mockingbird lounge and once a great singer. British Documentarian Mick Yarrington is on the trail of an Urban Legend - Adult human beings only existing on earth for four years, then suddenly disappearing, leaving only a trail of human relationships behind them. To prove it he must find Jerry, who has recently vanished without a trace.
1678 ::: When Love Was Simple (2012) ::: Banished from his middle-class family because of the older woman that he loves, we find 19 year-old optimistic hero Marcus and his 24 year-old girlfriend Zander deeply in love, but poverty-stricken. Even without a high-school diploma, the motivated young Marcus builds his hopes and future dreams around the small salary he receives from a fast-food management-training program. While turning a blind-eye to the monetary gains that his girlfriend acquires from other men, Marcus succumbs to a belief that they are in a temporary situation. But when it rains, it pours, and Marcus finds himself a victim of life and unforeseen circumstances as he loses his job. Caught between what defines you, and what you would and would not do for money, Marcus is forced into the sex game, where the only buyers are male.
1679 ::: Flying Blind (1989) ::: Melodrama set in Philadelphia, PA in 1965. Eddie Panvini (Panebianco), a teenage photographer from South Philadelphia facing the Vietnam draft joins the coffeehouse fringe in 1965 Philadelphia and struggles with several moral choices before deciding to go to Vietnam as a war photographer.
1680 ::: Zone 39 (1996) ::: In a time of misery and fear two enemies come together to prevent an apocalypse conspired by their leaders. 40 years of war between the Federated Republics and the New Territories Union has taken its toll. The cities are overcrowded, farming land is riddled with unexploded mines -- and still there is no hope of peace. In this hostile, decaying world of the future on thing remains constant for Lieutenant Leo Megaw; his love for his pregnant wife. Her access to classified information makes her an increasing liability for the government. When she's ambushed, Leo is forced into exile. As a border patrolman on the isolated outpost of Zone 39, ordered to kill anyone that tries to cross the border, he comes to understand that ultimate catastrophe forced upon his world by his government. The real enemy is not looming across the border but standing right behind him. Now he must reach across the border into enemy territory and form an alliance to save his world.
1681 ::: "Tell It to Groucho" (1962) ::: Short lived (5 months) successor to Groucho's "You Bet Your Life." Guests on the show to "Tell It To Groucho" and get zapped by his wit. Assisting were Jack Wheeler and Patty Harmon, two teenagers who had appeared on Groucho's previous show.
1682 ::: Rule of Circle (2005) ::: San Fernando Valley, California. As three actresses with near-death experience show up for an audition not knowing much about the project, the story starts writing itself. Rule of Circle is a short, non-fiction film. The film examines the significance of the circle as a symbol / archetype in human minds. The film is also an academic venture to question the relationship of various circular shapes used in different cultures, religions, and philosophies. Rule of Circle, in its concept, defers from traditional non-fiction films as the events actively originate from a given philosophical topic (the rule of circle) and a point in time (audition). Based on a monologue that he wrote, the writer/director, H. Kim attempts to translate his idea into a cinematic form while capturing the consequently derived events from the making of the film itself.
1683 ::: A Line in the Sand (2017) ::: A Line in the Sand chronicles the tenacity of an historic ranching community as it struggles to survive water shortages, economic pressures, and dwindling population. When a multi-year drought leads to wildfire of epic proportions, it is the deep love of their land that leads neighbors to put themselves at mortal risk to save each other and their town - drawing a line in the sand and daring the fire to pass.
1684 ::: Silly Scaries (2011) ::: Prepare yourself to be scared silly! Three independent masters of horror (Dustin Ferguson, Dorothy Booraem and Karis Yanike) join their terrifying talents to bring you the most goofy and gross anthology ever created! Your bones will rattle and your nerves will fry as you witness each spooky story: In MANNA FOR THE DAMNED two teenage boys decide the only way to "get chicks" is to become a Zombie. They learn the hard way that joining the league of the undead ain't all it's cracked up to be! In TREEHUGGERS a young couple lost in the woods befriends a band of hippies in hopes of obtaining directions back to their camp. However, after a drugged encounter with their new friends, their world is turned upside down and suddenly finding the way back just got a whole lot scarier! And finally, in DEAD ENDING a mourning widow travels to the cemetery to visit the grave of her late husband. But all is not what it seems when she is attacked and pursued by the zombified locals. With the winding roads only taking her in circles she attempts to escape on foot. However, she is unaware of the recent giant mutant space flower invasion.
1685 ::: "De rechtvaardige rechters" (2001) ::: In this Flemish comical format, adapted from a popular radio show also on public broadcaster VRT, presenter Jo Van Damme and an alternating panel make fun of celebrities, each-other and anyone they can drag into it, including brave audience members who volunteer to take the microphone for a question, in various ways that change over the seasons, such as commenting on articles and photos in the press, TV programs, showbiz, Flemish and foreign news etc.
1686 ::: Clay (2008) ::: Adaptation of the book by 'David Almond' (qv), set in 1960s Tyneside. Two 14-year-old boys team up against Mouldy, the town bully. Turning Crazy Mary s garden shed into a workshop, they discover that the sculptures they create come to life. Together they raise a golem, a creature fashioned from clay, capable of dispatching anyone, even Martin Mould. But when Mouldy winds up dead, the boys have to deal with the awful power they may have unleashed and the perils of getting what you wish for.
1687 ::: Our Time Is Now: Two Years in the Life of Story of the Year (2008) ::: In January of 2005, after nearly two years of touring, Story of the Year headed back in to the studio to write and record their second full-length album. By that summer, they had completed what proved to be a more focused, mature record, representing a new level of musicianship and songwriting for the band. They called it In The Wake Of Determination. Immediately after finishing, they began touring in support of the record, which was released in October of 2005. Touring for In The Wake Of Determination brought Story of the Year to new fans, new places, and some of the biggest, most intense crowds to date. As always, cameras rolled and captured the experiences along the way. Our Time Is Now is the story of those two years. It's a two-part feature including a never-before-seen look into the band's writing and recording process, and a home video style documentary of life on the road.
1688 ::: SOS Tehran (2002) ::: What is on the minds of contemporary Iranians? To answer this question Sou Abadi spent five months in Tehran, documenting what happens in the city's social service and psychological institutions, which have never been filmed by Iranian filmmakers.
1689 ::: Naughty Boy (1962) ::: Pritam works as a Book-keeper in an Export Import Firm and does not have a roof to live under. When he goes to search for accommodation, he runs into a friend, Jagdish, who takes him to a rooming house and lets him share one room with himself, Kavi Viyogi, and Hhimsen. The landlady has very strict rules for all her tenants to wit: No one is allowed to romance on her property. On a rainy day when Pritam goes to buy milk, he runs into a beautiful girl, Meena Sharma, and their umbrellas get entangled, and when freed get interchanged. He goes to look for her house and finds she lives with her maternal uncle, a music maestro of sorts, and Pritam enrolls himself in his class. Pritam and Meena continue meeting and fall in love with each other. When Meena's sister is about to get married, she travels to Poona and that's when Pritam finds out that her train had an accident and she has been listed as one of the dead. Heart-broken and devastated he is severely depressed, until his co-workers decide that he should go for a picnic and this does cheer him considerably. In this cheerful state he returns home and decides to carry on with life without Meena. It is then Meena returns back, quite very much alive, and finds that Pritam is not in a state of mourning but is enjoying life to the fullest. She decides to teach him a lesson that he will never forget. Watch what happens when the lesson commences and what impact this has on our care-free friend - who is currently wooing a dancer by the name of Edna Wong.
1690 ::: Parre (2013) ::: Parre (Edo Douma) is retired and does not look forward to being a boring old man. Which is pointless. But Parre does what anyone would do, or, at least, should do... He goes out sailing. And not just sailing, no, Parre chooses the open sea and the route to Norway. A short drama with a comical and naive touch. The film is inspired by the story by Theo Raats from the book "Zondig in Zeeland"
1691 ::: Htypokardia sto thranio (1963) ::: Lisa is a student, pretending the sick not to go to school. Her parents are worried about her health and call the doctor to examine her. He realizes her lies but he covers her. Soon, they fall in love and eventually get married. However, after the honeymoon she begins to yearn school and her classmates and she returns to it without saying anything to her husband. Soon, her husband begins to suspect her because of her frequent absences from home and her secret meetings with the professor seem to confirm his suspicions.
1692 ::: Teen Sau Din Ke Baad (1938) ::: Succesful adventure film. Young, bored millionaire (Motilal) has a bet with his doctor that he will go out into the world without taking any money and survive for 300 days. The film mainly revolves around the millionaire and how he survives out on his own. The story of his adventures was a big hit, including two songs by Motilal himself: 'Ghar apna yeh kursi apni' and 'Ik tum na hui to kay hua'.
1693 ::: Where Is My Child? (1937) ::: Celia Adler, doyenne of the Yiddish stage, gives a haunting performance as the film's heroine who arrives in New York in 1911 at the height of mass Jewish immigration newly widowed, friendless, impoverished and the mother of a newborn baby boy. Fearing that she cannot care for the child, she places him in an orphanage. She quickly regrets her decision, but it is too late as she finds herself tricked into the decision. Obsessed with the thought of reunion with him, she spends the next twenty-five years searching, pining, and bewailing her loss. The film is filled with the conventions of the popular Yiddish stage: the melodramatic plot centering on the rupture and restoration of family ties; the comic subplot; the songs; the stereotyped characters; the happy coincidences and happier endings. Above all, it was the theme of the pains and joys of the mother-son relationship, always idealized in the Jewish folk mind, which could be counted on to strike a responsive chord. All this was bound to be familiar to the film's first audiences.
1694 ::: To nadezhda to revnost slepaya (1919) ::: Olga Bazanova, a remarkably beautiful Georgian is betrothed to Boris Louikomsky who loves her dearly. An archaeologist, he needs to travel to Egypt and has to postpone their wedding ceremony. He asks his best friend Wladimir Granowsky to watch over her. The latter tries to seduce Olga nonetheless. A love letter for Wladimir but that Olga thinks is addressed to her fiancé throws her in the arms of Wladimir. When Boris returns, she admits she cheated but will not reveal the name of her lover. Boris forgives and marries her. A few months later, Olga has a child. Confused about who the father is, Boris kills the Count Wodarsky in a duel. Wladimir feeling guilty, writes a letter to Boris and commits suicide. Crazy with grief, Boris kills Olga and himself.
1695 ::: The Speed of Dark (2018) ::: NOTE: Please delete the previous summary, which we put up early on but now want to simplify as we get closer to production.We want to go with this one: A couple is relocated to a small Idaho town only to find their young son may be the target of a dangerous and manipulative school bully.
1696 ::: Sogwon (1980) ::: In an effort to take advantage of the political chaos during the reign of King Ko-jong, the emporer of Japan sends several warriors to infiltrate Korea. The son of the nation's top martial arts teacher, who has been studying dance and Buddhism, proves that he is a warrior as well as an artist by fighting off the invaders with Taekwondo
1697 ::: Fifth Avenue Models (1925) ::: A model in an expensive clothing shop quarrels with another model, and an expensive gown is ruined. In order to pay for it, she asks her father, an artist, for the money. In order to get the money, the father gets mixed up with art thieves, is caught and arrested.
1698 ::: Rhythms of the Thar (2015) ::: Rajasthan - literally "land of kings" - is located in the near inhospitable Thar Desert and functions as a microcosm of India, warm people among a harsh environment, where soulful music and dance give rhythm to the ordinary life. The colors of the cities, turbans, and saris shine in contrast with the splendor of the Thar Desert Each city is a namesake for the colors symbolized within. From the pink city of Jaipur, named for its pink palaces and its swarming bazaars on the street; through the blue city of Jodhpur, named for the vibrant blue houses of the old city that still stand out from its more contemporary surroundings; to the golden city of Jaisalmer, they all share a history of folk music and traditional dance that are integral facets of Rajasthani culture. There is a strong connection among the people inhabiting the Thar Desert: the musicians, singers, and the nomads. While it means land of the kings, it is also a land of the nomadic roots, as it was historically connected to the Silk Route, a network of trade that connected the Western and Eastern worlds. People from all over the world arrived to this land following the camel caravans. Such a movement of people has given rise to rich musical and artistic traditions. Rhythm of the Thar takes its audience on a journey through the majestic cities that have sprouted up among the sprawl of the vast desert. It is a region rich in its heritage, full of ancient colorful and architecturally striking monuments and palaces. You will meet the inhabitants of Rajasthan that live simple lives that all share the common thread of the musical culture that precedes them by generations but they continue to perpetuate.
1699 ::: WebKam (2010) ::: Victoria (Eleanor James) is a bit sad due due to a break-up with her boyfriend, Matt (Kim Sřnderholm). Her best friend Lilly (Joanne Gale) tries to cheer her up, but fails. One day a strange character wearing a clown mask appears on her computer screen. He calls himself Kam and he wants to play a game - it is the beginning of grueling nightmare for Victoria.
1700 ::: Journey to Royal (2018) ::: JOURNEY TO ROYAL, a feature documentary, tells the story of Lt. Royal Stratton, a WWII rescue pilot with the 4th Emergency Rescue Squadron, who perishes while saving the lives of nine downed airmen in the open ocean of a war-torn South Pacific. Two generations later, armed with little more than his name and type of aircraft, Stratton's grandnephew, filmmaker Christopher Johnson, embarks on an international quest to unlock history and reveal the circumstances of that fateful day seven decades ago. Archival imagery and interviews with Hollywood entertainers and service members from the Greatest Generation paint a portrait of life in the 1940s, setting the stage for events that inspired a nation and forged a unity of purpose. Firsthand accounts of Pearl Harbor, the sinking of the U.S.S. Indianapolis, the escorting of the Enola Gay, and the delivery of surrender documents to the U.S.S. Missouri culminate in Stratton's final heroic mission; a vibrant tapestry is weaved by those who knew and served with him. Locating surviving members of the 4th ERS, Johnson learns of the dangerous missions which carried them, unarmed, into the path of the enemy on 862 rescue missions saving the lives of 576 men. As recounted by Stratton's sole surviving crewmate, Royal's courageous final flight lifts off in an unflinching cinematic portrayal. Interviews with a varied demographic of service members explore the military experience and lead to a deeper understanding of the value of service, the struggles of losing brothers or sisters-in-arms and the challenges of reintegrating into the civilian sector and the American workforce. Ultimately, Johnson travels to Iwo Jima, the last place Stratton set foot on earth. What awaits is the defining moment for a family seeking to reconcile with the fate of a loved one who never returned from war.
1701 ::: "From Beirut to Bosnia" (1993) ::: The British correspondent in Lebanon, "Robert Fisk", tries to find the roots of misunderstanding between the Muslims and the Western World, and why some Muslims do not trust the West. He travels from Lebanon to Palestine,then to Egypt, and finally concludes his journey in the terrorized Balkan. He also makes a short trip to Poland, showing an eloquent description of the Holocaust.
1702 ::: Making Love in St. Pierre (2004) ::: The time is winter, 1993. The place is a small fishing village in Newfoundland. Sebastian, a handsome, hardworking fisherman in his early thirties, is in a slump of bitterness and despair. The previous spring, the Government had shut down the cod fishery on the Atlantic coast, putting Sebastian and anyone involved in the fishery out of a job. One day, to rekindle their strained relationship, Sebastian's girlfriend, Jenny, suggests they fly to the French island of St. Pierre, off the Newfoundland coast - to get away. The journey begins but not by plane; rather by boat over storm-filled seas. No sooner are they on the French island than they become entangled with another couple, Marie and Michel. What ensues puts Sebastian and Jenny's relationship to the test, and prompts Sebastian to make a decision that alters his life.
1703 ::: "La Conquista, capítulo II. La caída de Tenochtitlan" (2011) ::: In this chapter, the arrival of the Spaniards to Mesoamerica is interpreted as the prophecy that warned of the return of an important deity, this marked the outcome of the Conquest of Mexico. Moctezuma, sacred governor, has no option but to live with the invader as a form of defense. This decision not only cost him his life, but his empire, thus the foundations of the New Spain were built atop the ruins of the Aztec Empire.
1704 ::: Ra Ra Krishnayya (2014) ::: Kittu alias Krishna Sundeep Kishan is a cab driver who saves his money with the cab owner Tanikella Bharani. When the owner refuses to return his money back, Kittu kidnaps owners daughter Nandu Regina Cassandra. Nandu who is fed up with her fathers unilateral decision about her marriage is happy with the kidnapping. They fall in love with each other in the process. When they were about to accept the ransom money, she gets kidnapped by another kidnapper. The rest of the story is all about who kidnapped her and the kidnappers connection with Kittu
1705 ::: "Played Upon a Stage" (1959) ::: Viola and Sebastian are lookalike twins, separated by a shipwreck. Viola lands in Illyria, where she disguises herself like her brother and goes into the service of the Duke Orsino. Orsino sends her to help him woo the Lady Olivia, who doesn't want the Duke, but finds that she likes the new messenger the Duke's sending. Then, of course, Viola's brother shows up, and merry hell breaks loose. Meanwhile, Olivia's uncle and his cohorts are trying to find some way to get back at Olivia's officious majordomo, Malvolio.
1706 ::: My 5 Wives (2000) ::: Monte Peterson, a rich real-estate developer, is going through his third divorce. His friend Ray has found a good site for a ski resort in Utah, and Monte comes to bid on the land, competing with local banker Preston Gates. Monte knew that, in order to take possession of the land, he would have to convert to the local religion, a sort of cross between Mormonism and Amish (no smoking, no drinking, bigamy and simple living/dressing encouraged). What he didn't know was that the deed to the land also included the three wives of the deceased former owner. He also buys another plot, and the two wives that come with it, in part because they are much better cooks. Gates, meanwhile, wants the land to build an Indian casino, and is mixed up with some mobsters. There's a trip to Las Vegas, a female-empowerment seminar, a jailbreak, and other complications too absurd to mention.
1707 ::: The End of the Nancy J (1970) ::: Bill Cluney is the owner of the Nancy J, a fishing boat, and it seemed that everything that could be wrong with a boat was wrong with her. What's more, the local undertaker, always with an eye for business, knew it too. This film goes to show that the time to look after repairs and maintenance is before trouble sets in.
1708 ::: "Alleeways" (2018) ::: Allee-Sutton Hethcoat embarks on life coming off her title win as Miss Tennessee 2017 and making the top 10 at the Miss USA pageant. Returning back to her love of acting and hosting, Allee-Sutton shares tips, information and inspiration in this Lifestyle Reality-show format program.
1709 ::: David Hockney: Double Portrait (2003) ::: The film charts David Hockney's return to the theme of the double portrait, using interviews with his family and closest friends to explore the personal and private nature of his art. It creates an intimate psychological portrait of the artist as he paints the relationships in his own life.
1710 ::: Hunter (2015/II) ::: Lt. Ramsey Hunter's life changes when 3 cases hit him simultaneously. A rogue Cop Killer, a beautiful Tennessee runaway serial killer and his corrupt Police Captain boss blackmailing him. But only one of the cases leads him to an ending of universal truth.
1711 ::: In the Wake of the Dolphin (2016) ::: This story is about the life of an Atlantic bottlenose dolphin, a wildlife ambassador named Han Solo. One day along a beautiful coral reef, Han showed up outside a dolphin enclosure. The trainers quickly did a head count and determined none of their dolphin were missing. Interesting, outside looking in, this wild dolphin, free to swim wherever he chose wanted to be near humans and his own species. Han is special because his life has bridged two worlds, one as a wild dolphin, and the other as part of a group of dolphins under managed care. Han will be filmed inside a dolphin enclosure, swimming free with his buddies over beautiful coral reefs, sand channels and the open ocean, connecting our story and many of its inhabitants. Han will contribute to our understanding of dolphin behaviors, and he will be the hook that allows us to showcase his marine world. Kathleen Dudzinski Ph.D. is our marine science advisor and educator. Kathleen will also be shown on camera conducting science in our movie. Our giant screen audience today would remember her from the great MacGillivray Freeman Dolphins project in 2000.
1712 ::: Aliens from Outer Space (2011) ::: For those who don't believe that Aliens from outer space have invaded our planet, this amazing documentary reveals the facts they DON'T want you to know. Join UFO researcher Bill Knell in this cult classic presentation covering suppressed and hidden information about the strangest and most fantastic UFO incidents in recent history. You will be amazed and bewildered by countless UFO sightings.
1713 ::: Run on Run (2017) ::: When bell rang signing class dismissal, everything immediately become chaotic Aon run with all his might while Jack and his 2 minions; Yong and Wan chase him around into the school yard. They chased Aon around, gradually revealing the surrounding atmosphere of the school. In the school yard, athletes are practicing running and other activities. Aon run passed 'closing announcement' sign of a Call-out for school runners ... The whole situation was observed by the school's young female sports teacher. She timed Aon as he ran across the yard until out of the school gate; smiling as she jots down the time record into her file.
1714 ::: "Drive Thru New Zealand" (2008) ::: A wild ride through the lives of some of the world's best surfers, as they spend a not so typical two-weeks traveling up and down the world's most pristine coastlines. Follow tour veterans Donavon Frankenreiter, Benji Weatherley and Pat O' Connell, along with Aussie legend Mark "Occy" Occhilupo, aerial wizard Oscar "Ozzie" Wright, and one of Southern California's hottest up-and-comers, Alex Gray, as they crisscross New Zealand's North and South Islands.
1715 ::: Echolot (2013) ::: A clique gathers in a house in the country to hold its own personal funeral ceremony for a friend who has committed suicide. It's not unusual for extreme situations to lure people out of their shells. In this case, the suicide prompts them to switch off for a while; this weekend at least, these young people are no longer thinking about tomorrow. Instead, they surrender entirely to the moment and give their feelings free reign. They dance, love, argue, drink, go for walks, or take naps. But they also remember their dead friend, who is present in all their thoughts and conversations.
1716 ::: La Cadena (2018) ::: Introverted Ricardo Perez likes to approach the World,in a very subtle manner. Trying not to,upset anyone or cause any problems,for himself. But to his surprise,he is the prime candidate for accomplishing God's will. Which is due,to the neglect of others. This presents an internal spiritual conflict,within himself. Will he take the challenge by standing up for himself, his family & his faith? Or will he, succumb to the fears of the flesh.
1717 ::: Unsere Kinder (1989) ::: Our Children is a documentary about different youth groups found in the GDR, particularly the young anti-Fascist group. Different young people are interviewed about their coming to terms with their history, country and society. Christa Wolf and Stefan Heym are among those interviewed.
1718 ::: The Colonel (????) ::: A behind-the-scenes look at the life of Elvis Presley and his manager, "Colonel" Tom Parker.
1719 ::: Werewolf in a Womens Prison (2006) ::: Set in the fictional third world country of Canpuna, 'Werewolf in a Womens Prison' is the story of Sarah (Victoria De Mare), when camping with her boyfriend, is attacked by a werewolf. She wakes up in a corrupt prison only to find out her boyfriend has been torn apart and she is the only suspect. Forced to do things only found in a prison populated only by women it's only a matter of time until that strange bite starts to take effect.
1720 ::: Untitled Australian Road Trip Film (2018) ::: Rejected after a marriage proposal, Alex finds himself alone on a journey from Los Angeles to Melbourne, Australia, on what was supposed to be a happy vacation with his new fiancée. Stuck in a mild state of shock, Alex crosses paths with Ronnie - a woman on an adventure of her own - and together they take a grand road trip across Australia's Nullarbor Plain, on their way to Perth.
1721 ::: The Young One (1960) ::: Game warden Miller lives on an isolated island off the Carolina coast. The only other inhabitant is Evvie, an naive young girl to whom Miller is attracted. Traver, a black musician on the run from a lynch mob after falsely being accused of rape, lands on the island. Miller wants to turn him in and remove him from the tryst, but Evvie likes Traver and protects him. A preacher arrives from the mainland to rescue Evvie from her situation, and Traver's presence is discovered. Miller is now forced to decide whether to turn him over to the mob and lose standing in the girl's eyes.
1722 ::: Vacation in Reno (1946) ::: Jack Carroll and his wife have a phony argument to teach their friends a lesson, but when he makes a crack that her mother is a "fat porpoise," they fight for real and she leaves him. To make matters worse, Jack runs into two men just before they don masks and rob a bank. Now he is the only one who can identify them. In spite of all this, he takes a vacation in Reno; he is convinced he can use a metal detector to find buried treasure and realize his dream of starting a rabbit farm. Coincidentally, the bank robbers make their getaway to Reno and check into the same dude ranch as Jack. In fact, they bury a suitcase full of the loot and who should find it but hapless Jack himself. This is the just beginning of Jack's troubles, as he finds himself at odds with a deputy sheriff, a roughneck sailor and a gun moll who tries (for complicated reasons) to convince the police she is Mrs. Carroll. Worst of all, Jack's wife arrives and wants a divorce. Before this mess is cleared up, Jack will risk life and limb on a runaway stagecoach.
1723 ::: "ProActive" (2011) ::: "ProActive" informs young people about the opportunities in education and in the various professional fields. It deals with the important issues in their lives and interests, stimulates the formation of active citizenship on important public issues and the youth activity in volunteering.
1724 ::: L'iceberg (2005) ::: Fiona, Julien and their two clone-like children live a life appropriate to the robots they have become, in a style-less, cheerless suburb somewhere in the flatlands of French-speaking Europe. Even the simple act of buttering and eating a roll takes on the appearance of an assembly line. When Fiona, who manages a fast-food restaurant, accidentally locks herself in the restaurant's walk-in freezer overnight, her family doesn't even miss her. She realizes how pointless her life has become and runs away; to seek happiness, put her life right again and perhaps to visit the icebergs with which she begins an obsession. On a bus trip to nowhere, she becomes friendly with an older lady, Fernande, who offers Fiona a place to stay and diversion in her seaside community. There, Fiona becomes attracted to René, who owns a small sailboat, and has been a deaf-mute since a fire in which his parents died. In time, the pair embark on a sailing voyage, unknowingly pursued by the persistent Julien, who has managed to track Fiona down. When the men squabble and fall overboard, Fiona sets sail for the polar regions with a vengeance, ultimately tearing the bottom out of the boat on - you guessed it - an iceberg! Miraculously, the three castaways are all fished out of the ocean by Lucy, an Inuit girl who operates a commercial fishing boat. The final resolution of the love triangle caps the farcical nature of this unusual film.
1725 ::: 151 Kent Ave (2012) ::: This is a remarkable feature film not least of all because it was written, shot and edited in 48 hours. With its naturalistic style and controversial content, it might remind you of Lars von Trier and the Dogme 95 films that he is renowned for. When the doorbell rings through the airy loft of 151 Kent Avenue, there's no-one there... but the first anonymous postcard slides under the door. As supernatural forces begin to haunt the lives of residents at 151 Kent Avenue, we explore the depths of trust in a traumatic onscreen relationship between mates Cam and Jake -two Australians who lean on each other after moving to New York City. With tensions rising we discover some hard truths about both characters that is truly 'hard-to-watch' content. Can they both fight their inner demons while under a supernatural assault?
1726 ::: Égigérö fü (1979) ::: Mr Poldi, a city worker, who works in public parks, is preparing for retirement. During his 52 years of employment the green grass and the flowers became a very important part of his life. He cannot imagine his life without them. Misu, his young nephew organizes the whole community of the apartment complex to put down grass in the middle of the courtyard. Iconic heartwarming Hungarian story where the viewers can experience the atmosphere of life in Budapest in the '70s.
1727 ::: "The Hit Man and Her" (1988) ::: At 4 am on a Sunday morning this wasn't the most taxing of programs as you debated whether it was good dancers who weren't attractive or nubile dancers who weren't good at dancing. The presenters later commented on the cameraman's' interest in thigh shots that the directors were broadcasting
1728 ::: Coppi e la dama bianca: un amore controcorrente (2003) ::: Fausto Coppi, one of the most famuos bike champions, fell in love with Giulia Occhini, a very attractive wife of a little town doctor. But in the '50 in Italy there was no divorce. Their love story became a national scandal. By the voice of the still alive witnesses and Giulia Occhini original records, the story can be revisited.
1729 ::: PawnZ (2013) ::: Will Travers, The manager of a successful pawnshop has to see if his cheating girlfriend is at it again. But while he is searching for answers he has to entrust his shop to to his team of sarcastic slackers! Watch as they set out to prove that just because they take your crap doesn't mean they will put up with it! Will's in love. But to a girl who treats him like a pawn, is that really love? Will's just found out that his longtime girlfriend Vanessa has been cheating on him. He runs a successful pawn shop business like a well-oiled machine. In fact, he's been in control of his whole life since he could walk except for his love life. Vanessa's gorgeous, spiteful and treats men like objects, your typical woman acting like a male syndrome. So when she hooks up with Will, he's just another financial pawn to satisfy her needs. But when he catches her cheating on him she has to quickly convince him he's the love of her life. Will, being the naďve, good guy that he is believes her at first but then quickly gets a call from a friend saying she may be up to it again! He then sets out to catch her in the act leaving his fellow misfits to run the pawn shop. With the employee's running the shop, Will's being pulled in every direction! They're treating customers like crap, carousing with women, and playing pranks on the customers! What else can go wrong! Can Will save the pawn shop and his relationship in 24 hours? Or, will Vanessa get her way and her man right where she likes him...Just another pawn on the chess board of life.
1730 ::: Siraj (1999) ::: This is a story about a horse named Siraj. After the death of Sundarlal's parents, a person gave him shelter who had a horse named Siraj. When that person died Sundarlal joined a circus company with Siraj. There Sundar meets Rupa and both fall in love. After some time Sundar and Rupa leaves the job with Siraj. But Siraj, forever faithfull to Sundarlal becomes ill and dies after winning a race.
1731 ::: Chics with Chainsaw (????) ::: The Chainsaw Chics are the flawless foot soldiers of a dying alien race. They have scouted earth as a new "harvest" in a long "drought" of desert worlds. When the "Separator" on the space ship fails, they must go to earth and manually collect brains for their blobs masters.
1732 ::: "Growing Up Gay" (2010) ::: A two-part documentary series exploring the experiences of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender young people growing up in Ireland. As recently as 1993, homosexuality was illegal in Ireland. As the first generation born after decriminalisation comes of age, this series seeks to establish how much has changed in Irish society in the intervening years. For young people, whose lives revolve around school and the family, is it any easier to be lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender today than it was seventeen years ago? Filmed over eighteen months, 'Growing Up Gay' follows the lives of six young people and, in the process, captures the challenging and even hostile experiences which lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender young people face in their everyday lives. The series also explores the more universal experiences of growing up - from the ups and downs of life at home and at school, to friendships and falling in love. By presenting the human stories behind labels such as 'gay' or 'lesbian', the series aims to alleviate the stigma surrounding various expressions of sexual identity.
1733 ::: Personal Best (2005) ::: A subtle teenager participates in a sport camp in order to prepare for the forthcoming swimming championships. He is in love with one of the colleagues and stressed by the training. Additionally, the camp life will confront him with difficult moral choices.
1734 ::: Mehrban (1967) ::: Shanti Swarup is a businessman and lives a wealthy lifestyle with his three sons, Ram, Shyam, and Sunder; his wife, Parvati; widowed sister, Devki; an unmarried daughter, Geeta; and a devoted servant named Kanhaiya. Parvati would like Sunder to get married to a former rich man's daughter, Laxmi, but Sunder chooses to marry a maid-servant, Rachna, and as a result Laxmi gets married to Kanhaiya. Shanti has arranged for Geeta to marry his friend, Lala Karamchand's son, Ramesh. Financial losses occur, Shanti loses all his wealth, his sons, Ram and Shyam, refuse to assist him in any way, & Karamchand cancels the wedding. Disheartened, depressed and unable to face the world, he passes away. Now their palatial home is to be auctioned by a greedy Karamchand, a devastated Parvati is on her deathbed as she cannot think of living elsewhere, and it is only a miracle that can save this wretched family.
1735 ::: Thunderdome (2016) ::: Thunderdome is a feature length documentary that follows the true story of Rob Lehr, a man haunted by the ever quickening pursuit of his mortality. It is a film about sprinting into the storm of our fears and finding a way to paint the rain. This film follows Rob after a deadly plane crash as he confronts PTSD and digital escapism by transforming his backyard into a real-life video game, The Thunderdome Nerf Arena. The community of backyard warriors then discover collegiate Humans vs. Zombies and dive into surviving the Nerf Apocalypse.
1736 ::: L'oiseau Do (2004) ::: Fred, a young boy of African origin, who was born and lives in Paris, is a fan of new technologies and a computer whiz. This year N'Gemele, his grandfather, comes to France for the first time in his life. The old man brings him as a present a hand carved wood bird, which Fred finds cheesy. However, this present, at first despised, will gradually find its place in the boy's heart and create a bond between the boy and his grandfather...
1737 ::: Four:Play: The Vignettes, Sam & Leo - Love's Young Dream (2013) ::: Meet our fledgling couple, Sam (Hollyoaks and The Bloody Mary Show's - Craig Daniel Adams) & Leo (Holby City and Doctor Who's - David Ames) who are taking part in an Online Video Blog entitled 'Love's Young Dream', much to one of the boy's annoyance. Are they really love's young dream after all and what will make the final cut?
1738 ::: The Last Hope (2001) ::: "Last Hope' is a collaboration between surfing filmmaker Andrew Kidman (Glass Love, Litmus) and Spunk Records. Andrew Kidman chose six of his favourite surfing filmmakers to create short films that were inspired by the sea. The filmmakers include Albert Falzon (Morning Of The Earth), Jon Frank (Litmus), Monty Webber, Michelle Lockwood (Kids) and American underground surf filmmakers Patrick Trefz (Thread) and Richard Kenvin (Hydrodynamica). Kidman also provides four special cuts of his own. The filmmakers created their short films to music selected by Aaron Curnow from some of the greatest independent contemporary artists; Smog, Sufjan Stevens, Mogwai, My Morning Jacket, Dirty Three, Holly Throsby, Vetiver, Bonnie Prince Billy, The Brown Birds From Windy Hill (Andrew Kidman + Neal Purchase Jr) and Machine Translations."
1739 ::: Vent (2005/II) ::: "Vent" provides an insight into the minds of post-9/11 teenagers and explores the possibility that an openly violent society has contributed to the increasingly aggressive behavior of kids today. With the idea that a society can be measured by what it's people do with their free time, filmmaker Caresse Singh sets out to show adults what the youth generation today truly represents.
1740 ::: Montserrat (1971/I) ::: The story is set during the South American Wars of Independence. Simón Bolivar, the liberator, has escaped from Spanish custody with the aid of an idealistic Spanish officer, Captain Montserrat. The Spanish commander, Colonel Izquierdo ('left' in Spanish), threatens Montserrat with torture to find out where Bolivar can be recaptured. Izquierdo decides that this will probably not yield the information he wants and instead has six entirely innocent people brought into headquarters: The six are Salas Ina, a prosperous businessman; Arnaldo Lujan, a wood carver who makes the statues of the saints, Matilde, a mother who left two small children at home alone while she went to market; Juan Salcedo Alvarez, an actor from Cádiz; Felisa, a pretty girl whom Izquierdo finds attractive, but she only wants more to eat and the death of the Spaniards; and Ricardo, a boy who only wants to know that Bolivar is safe. Izquierdo tells these six people that they have precisely one hour to persuade Montserrat to tell them where Bolivar can be found and, if they fail, he will have them all shot.
1741 ::: Adria Urlaubsfilme 1954-68 (Die Schule des Sehens I) (1990) ::: A collection of countless holiday films filled with clichés. The material dates from the fifties and sixties when holiday filming was more common than now. Gustav Deutsch's approach was simple and effective: He ordered the clichés systematically, and edited them into a small series. (Rotterdam Film Festival - Catalogue 1994)
1742 ::: Quick Millions (1939) ::: Returing home from their trip to Hollywood, John Jones gets a telegram that he has been left a gold mine by his uncle in Arizona. The family loads up their automobile and heads for Arizona. THe family arrives at the old mine but are unaware that a gang of bank robbers are hiding in a concealed cellar in the mine. A member of the gang, posing as a geologist, convinces Mr. Jones that there is no gold in the mine (and there really isn't) but one of the Jones' boys finds a nugget (that had fallen off of a watch chain)and that leads to complications, including Mr. Jones being jailed mistakenly as a member of the bank-robbing gang.
1743 ::: "Günesi Beklerken" (2013) ::: Looking for a better life, Demet tries to convince her only daughter Zeynep to leave their home village. They move into Demet's old friend's house Jale, and Zeynep is able to enrol at the same private college as where Jale works as the principal. Moving to a new big city and a new school is found to be very challenging for Zeynep - and she finds herself getting into a fight against the school owner's son, Kerem. Zeynep was brought up without a father and was told by her mother that her father was lost as a member of the navy during one of his missions at sea. All Zeynep has as a memory of his father is a photo that she takes everywhere with her. Her biggest dream is to one day meet her father and she is determined to not stop looking for him, even after moving to Istanbul. Meanwhile, Kerem Sayer's is initially portray somewhat as a bully - he owns the schoolyard and forces the kids to do what he pleases. He becomes the nemesis of Zeynap when finding out that Zeynap is willing to stand up to him.
1744 ::: Animal Crossing: The Movie (2018) ::: This is the story of a young self-reliant girl called Ai, who one day, moves into the Animal Village. While working at Tom Nook's shop "Nook's Cranny" she begins living her life away from her family. To begin with, she doesn't know left from right, but under the guidance of Mayor Tortimer, the angry but correct Mr. Resetti, and the wandering musician K.K. Slider among others, she is eventually accepted as a member of the village. One night as she walked along the beach, she finds a message in the bottle. It sets her off on a quest of planting pine trees around the village to fulfill a miracle on the eve of the Winter Festival.
1745 ::: Sacrificial Freshmen (2011) ::: Two high school students named Silas and Babs wake up from a party they attended the night before only to find out that the party happened five years ago and every student who attended disappeared. Trapped by unstable characters obsessed with solving the mystery of the party and hunted by unspeakable horrors, Silas and Babs must survive and escape or else share the fate as their fellow classmates.
1746 ::: Lynne Perrie's Alternative Workout (1995) ::: Lynne Perrie's parody of an exercise video. The actress best known as Ivy Tilsley in 'Coronation Street' takes a group of women through her fitness routine whilst enjoying a fantasy elsewhere with the company of young men. Lynne gives her own unique interpretation on swimming, jogging, exercise equipment and horse-riding in this 50 minute special aimed at the comedy market.
1747 ::: Them as Themselves (2006) ::: Shown at the John Anson Ford Theater in Los Angeles, CA as part of a evening Dance concert, longtime dance/choreographer collaborators: Kitty McNamee and Bubba Carr did a duet which was then scored by a composer team including Dan Shulman of the band Garbage, after the picture was edited providing a new type of collaboration between dance, film and music. This unique approach to Dance cinema proved to be very remarkable.
1748 ::: "Weather or Not" (2013) ::: Episode 1: Formation - Meet the contestants of Weather or Not. Episode 2: Picture Perfect - The contestants clash for the first time and more than one head will roll. Episode 3: Sociology - The competition heats up as contestants face a withering weather quiz. Episode 4: The Canyon - Love is in the air as contestants brave a death-defying obstacle course. Episode 5: Twisted - The final three twist up their tongues to face the oral dexterity gauntlet. Episode 6: Drunk and Disorderly - Dissappointment, despair and death come to the Weather or Not'ers. Episode 7: Reunited - All the contestants reunite before the finale, and a game changing secret is revealed. Episode 8: The Final Finale - Two contestants left, only one can win, and nothing is as it seems.
1749 ::: Achilles (2016) ::: A volatile playwright (Michael Schwengel) and a timid corporate worker (Laura Ricci) struggle to keep their engagement intact as they face financial stress, rumors of infidelity, and the arrival of a strange man who lives in the nearby forest.
1750 ::: 10 MPH (2007) ::: Two guys quit stodgy corporate jobs, scrounged up all the savings they could, collected credit cards, and stepped - or better yet - scooted forward to follow their biggest dream: to become filmmakers. Josh Caldwell rode a Segway from Seattle to Boston, while his buddy Hunter Weeks directed a film they both shot about the experience and about the moments leading up to this crazy twist on the American road trip. From cubicle farms to the open road, the film will chronicle how these guys ultimately changed their lives forever. They did what so many of us have always wanted to do - gave it all up for the passion inside.
1751 ::: Nami no bon (1983) ::: The story of a Japanese man who as a 16-year-old went to Maui to work in the sugar cane fields in order to support his family back in Japan. Now 89 and still living in Hawaii he is visited by his granddaughter who brings him a letter from his disinherited and recently dead son. This brings back memories of his life with his wife and family following the attack on Pearl Harbor, in particular of his son who had gone off to join the war for the Americans.
1752 ::: "Social Media Hangout" (2014) ::: Join the owners and moderators of the Social Media communities on Google+ (Strategy, Professionals, Creative, and Discussions) as they introduce you to this brand new HOA series: Social Media Hangout! as well as the Social Media communities. Brought to you by Social Media Hangout, as well as our wonderful partners: Stone Temple Consulting, Dustn.tv, Weal Media, and Steady Demand.
1753 ::: John Blazer (2017) ::: John Blazer is 21 and studying statistics in Milan. One day he won the jackpot in the lottery and make a party with his friends to celebrate. After the party he will awake in an abandoned place, without money, and without remembering nothing of the evening. John will have to investigate the events of the previous night.
1754 ::: American Tigers (1996) ::: Terrorists from all countries are to be reunited in order to join forces against their governments. The USA army notice it. A group of assassins, waiting in jail to be executed by firing squad get the chance to be exonerated if they participate in the secret mission of killing the terrorists. But they have to train under the strict military style of Sergeant Ransom
1755 ::: "Counterfeit Cat" (2016) ::: Gark is not a real cat, he's a Counterfeit Cat. He's a small blue alien in a purple cat costume. Max is a real cat: fat, fluffy, yellow and constantly pampered by his doting owner Betty. When Gark crashes his spaceship into Betty's laundry room, he finds a new home and forms an unconventional friendship with Max, who quickly learns how to take advantage of Gark's mysterious alien powers and his sweet, trusting nature. Max loves having an admirer who will do anything for him, but Gark's extreme curiosity and lack of understanding about life on Earth push Max out of his comfort zone and into ridiculous hair-raising adventures. Whether they are just hanging out at home or zipping through space and exploring new planets, Gark's adventurous instincts will force Max to become the hero Gark believes him to be.
1756 ::: Desert Mesa (1935) ::: Reissued in 1941 as "Mormon Conquest", this bottom-of-the-barrel entry from Victor Adamson/Art Mix/Denver Dixon productions finds jobless cowpuncher Jim Kirk riding into Cottonwood, Arizona looking for the man who swindled his father. Old pal Art James tells him that Ed Calder, a shady rancher who moved in a few months ago, might be his man. Jim joins Art at the Crazy K Ranch owned by Sam Kent and his daughter Sally, with Bill Dobbs as their foreman. Jim saves Sally from badman Lynx Merson, who is out to get her father for past transgressions. Later, it is discovered that El Garto, a bandit from below the border, is actually Merson, and is working with Calder.
1757 ::: Classic Rhythm and Blues Vol. 5 (1988/I) ::: Ben Sidran presents the classic rhythm blues performances of the 1980's with his personal insight into each song, the artist and the performance. Tracklisting: Bonnie Koloc There's a Space in the Place Where You Were Chick Corea Rumble Long John Baldry Iko Iko Bonnie Koloc You Played Me Just Like a Piano Long John Baldry Don't Try to Lay No Boogie Woogie on the King of Rock and Roll Tower Of Power Don't Change Horses (In The Middle Of A Stream).
1758 ::: DeSiCiTi (2009) ::: DeSiCiTi is an award nominated television comedy series about the dating, career and cross cultural exploits of young South Asian urbanites living it up in New York City. By following the adventures of a varied group of South Asians in their search for balance between career, love and cultural identity, DeSiCiTi blows apart cultural stereotypes with depth, humor and characters that everyone can relate to. DeSiCiTi also addresses important social issues such as domestic violence, divorce, workplace discrimination and same sex relationships, but presents them from a non-judgmental perspective that encourages discussion.
1759 ::: Frequent Flyer (1996) ::: Drama about airline pilot who is married to two separate women in separate towns and who eventually takes on a third wife. Much to his dismay, the separate worlds he lives in begin to collide, and the truth of his womanizing and bigamy begin to come to light. Nick Rawlings is a commercial airline pilot who has a stable home life in Dallas with wife of 16 years, JoBeth, and their son. He has also been married for three years to Allison, a Chicago business executive, and is about to tie the knot with a young blonde named Miriam who lives with her father in Hawaii. On the approach of their anniversary, JoBeth discovers a receipt for purchases of over $9000 in Nick's convertible and is all excited, until she finds out her gift was only $350 of that amount - and the rest of it was an engagement ring. After this discovery, she and a private investigator find out about Nick's marriage with Allison. Thus she begins the end of their marriage with a slow but methodical cut off of Nick's access to their money and all that he has worked for. Meanwhile, at the same time, Allison is planning to relocate to Dallas with her company and has ironically bought a house just a couple of doors down on the same street as Nick and JoBeth's house. Also, Miriam accompanies Nick back to Dallas to spend more time with him, and slowly learns the truth herself. With Nick's life crumbling down around him, and all three women closing in on each other, the lesson is learned that two is not company... and three is definitely a crowd.
1760 ::: The Last Herd (2014) ::: In the isolation of the mountains of the Gaspe National Park a herd of caribous remains defiant to human encroachment. When, in 1534, the first European settlers arrived on the continent, the caribous were numbered in tens of thousands. Hardly a hundred remain today, they are the last survivors. This documentary tells their story; their ultimate plight and their fight for survival.
1761 ::: Le Monologue du Chaos (2018) ::: The authors of an armed robbery, forced to leave a house with hostages, urge the units of intervention to mobilize, the regional negotiators having failed to reason them. Without suspecting that the enemy is not the one that they believe..
1762 ::: Aftermath: Unanswered Questions from 9/11 (2003) ::: AfterMath delves into the troubling span of issues that have arisen since the attacks on 9/11, including the negligence of military officials in reacting to the hijackings, proven links between the hijackers, Pakistani intelligence (ISI) and the CIA, the role of oil in the Eurasian conflict, and the impact of post-911 legislation on American civil liberties. The film poses questions that continue to overshadow and critically challenge the administration's official version of the story, and is a must see for those who continue to question the terrible and as yet unexplained events of that day.
1763 ::: Chhota Bheem Banjara Masti (2014) ::: The stage is set for Bheem and his friends as Zakun the Sorcerer makes his entry. He recruits the group to help him look for the missing talisman from his village. Strange things happen on the way, which lead us to believe there is something going on, but nobody knows what.
1764 ::: Bébert et l'omnibus (1963) ::: While their parents are busy shopping in a department store, Tiennot, who would rather chase girls, buys the complicity of Bébert, his little brother. In the train on the way back home, Tiennot, infuriated by his whims, leaves Bébert in the last car, which happens to be separated from the train and headed in another direction. Panic in the family: where on earth is Bébert? In fact, the little rascal has been taken in by the station master of Verneuil L'Etang, where he has a great time wreaking havoc in the SNCF network. A good-natured inspector is called on the spot and Bébert is finally reunited with his family.
1765 ::: Coal Rush (2012) ::: Coal Rush is a documentary-film that takes place in West Virginia, yet serves as a cautionary tale for a world heavily relying on fossil fuels that come with a hefty price for society. The film, bringing to light one of the worst yet least publicized US industrial contamination disasters, focuses on courageous Appalachians who fight to defend their human right to clean water - and persevere in their quest for truth and justice. Coal rush dramatizes the human and societal costs a country faces when it relies on cheap energy, and rings an alarm bell on the environmental hazards potentially affecting any of us - rural or urban.
1766 ::: Queens of Hip Hop (2003) ::: Although the rap scene has been ruled by men for 20 years, this documentary shows how and which women are making big moves in the industry. See how Salt "N" Pepa, Lady Luck, Rah Digga and Charlie Baltimore have broken through and how they generate heat and Hip-Hop on the stage! These are the true Queens of Hip Hop.
1767 ::: A Number (2008) ::: When Salter's son, Bernard, is told that he's a result of a cloning experiment, he finds out that he's one of an unknown number of human clones. He confronts his father and demands an explanation. Why was he created? Is he an original or a copy? Salter tries to explain the background for the experiment to his shocked son.
1768 ::: Solomon's Requiem (2004) ::: An unemployed man late on his rent payment, his dog and the girl he just met find themselves in the center of a zombie epidemic courtesy of a cultist religion which has placed a curse on a deceased former member who returns to life in the form of demonic zombie and spreads the curse to town.
1769 ::: La joven casada (1975) ::: A young couple reviews the year they have lived together. According to him, this time has been positive. But she thinks that Jorge was carried away by his father, betraying the plans they had made together before marrying, although she believes that there is still some way to save the situation. That is why she escapes from home, thinking that her husband will go after her and that everything will start again. But a new person enters her life and the situation gets complicated.
1770 ::: Disruption (2014/II) ::: p strong When it comes to climate change, why do we do so little when we know so much? /strong /p p Through a relentless investigation to find the answer, Disruption takes an unflinching look at the devastating consequences of our inaction./p p The exploration lays bare the terrifying science, the shattered political process, the unrelenting industry special interests and the civic stasis that have brought us to this social, moral and ecological crossroads.The film also takes us behind-the-scenes of the efforts to organize the largest climate rally in the history of the planet during the UN world climate summit./p p This is the story of our unique moment in history. We are living through an age of tipping points and rapid social and planetary change./p p We&#39;re the first generation to feel the impacts of climate disruption, and the last generation that can do something about it. The film enlarges the issue beyond climate impacts and makes a compelling call for bold action that is strong enough to tip the balance to build a clean energy future./p p em NOTE: Neither&nbsp;PF Pictures or&nbsp;350.org do not make any money off of DVD sales on this page -- the cost for ordering a DVD just covers production and shipping via CreateSpace/Amazon. Furthermore, strong you may only screen Disruption in non-commercial settings /strong -- you may not charge ticketing fees, accept advertising, or in any way profit off of screenings of Disruption. Commercial screenings of this film are strictly forbidden.&nbsp;/em /p
1771 ::: Overruled (2016) ::: Overruled recounts the lives and hopes of young Afghan refugees in Iran. They happen to work as ball boys in tennis clubs in Tehran. They learn tennis and make progress in it to find a suitable identity in Iranian society. No matter how good they become in tennis they are not accepted into the new society and remain outsiders, in the eyes of Iranians. They are a group of unauthorized tennis players who wish to compete at the same level as their resident competitors. Their lives are stuck in a circle of not being able to obtain permanent residency while living under the threat of detention and deportation. Should they take the high-risk road of fleeing to an unknown fate in the West?
1772 ::: The Cigar Collector (2011) ::: In finding out he has operable oral cancer, the end of the week's surgery will leave Sherman alive, but facially disfigured. With his insurance failing, he decides to help his conman friend in an illegal business scheme that's part assisted suicide clinic, part make make a wish foundation. As he fulfills the wishes of people happy to die, he must face the fact that he is going to be alive.
1773 ::: Joy (2016/I) ::: Az is seven years old girl lives in small village with her parents. Az soon will have baby sister. It is the most joyful moment for her life. But this joy wouldn't last long, because her mother dies after the birth. Tseden will raise her daughters in difficult condition. But Az will struggle with all those difficulties. She becomes strong and smart, she will take care whole family. Tsende's sorrow will disappear as time passes. Tseden starts to sell milk in the city. Mean time two daughters stays home alone for few days. As their life gets better sad news comes from city. Tseden dies in an accident. Az is seven years old girl lives in small village with her parents. Az soon will have baby sister. It is the most joyful moment for her life. But this joy wouldn't last long, because her mother dies after the birth. Tseden will raise her daughters in difficult condition. But Az will struggle with all those difficulties. She becomes strong and smart, she will take care whole family. Tsende's sorrow will disappear as time passes. Tseden starts to sell milk in the city. Mean time two daughters stays home alone for few days. As their life gets better sad news comes from city. Tseden dies in an accident. It will tear up Az's heart. Az will raise her two years old sister alone.
1774 ::: Timbo (2017) ::: Construction of dams by energy companies in the Brazilian Amazon would destroy the heart of the world's largest rainforest, and severely affect indigenous people community. If built, the dams would flood an area the size of London, Paris and Amsterdam combined. The flood will also dissolve water with toxic plants which can kill the human. These plants are commonly known as Timbó.
1775 ::: Local 70 (1975) ::: Striking workers in one Chicago unemployment compensation office talk about working conditions that led to a walkout in July, 1975. Workers and claimants suggest possible solutions to the problems of understaffing and compulsory overtime. This tape was used to organize other offices to support the strike.
1776 ::: 3 Knee Deep (2016) ::: Six years ago a criminal mastermind hid one ton of cocaine in an abandoned warehouse. No one knows the location of the drugs except his violent sidekick and his beautiful but deadly girlfriend. Instead of giving up the stash to the cops or a rival gang, the criminal, a mysterious Jamaican named Ghost, takes his secret to prison. When he is kidnapped by a black box covert operative by the name of Cole (Bill Koruna), he escapes with the help of an FBI agent (Angela Williams). Now free on parole, Cole's only goal is to get the cocaine, sell it, and disappear into a life of luxury. But his actions have been closely watched by the DEA, The Russian mob and bad guys alike, and everyone is interested in following the trail to the hidden hoard of coke.
1777 ::: Shiv Parvati (2012) ::: One is the most fearsome deities of the Indian culture and the other is the most revered, nurturing mother-figure. The story of Lord Shiva and Parvati, his consort, is as engrossing as can be. This animated version of their story brings to life in vivid form their adventurous courtship, leading to the most colourful marriage ever! How their union was born of a necessity to save the world from the tyrannies of a Rakshas lord, Tarkasur, to the final victory of their sons, Karthik and Ganesh, over him, forms the rest of this extremely entertaining film.
1778 ::: Unchained Melody (2009) ::: Five friends take a trip the mountains in order to hear their life long friend David play his first big gig. But as the trip unfolds the once suicidal Julian, childhood friend to David, begins to loose control. After his med's go missing he begins a downward spiral that will rip the friends apart forever. But what he doesn't know is that one of the friends is really getting even the whole time. Who can you trust?
1779 ::: The False Code (1919) ::: John Benton is the head of a company that makes parts for ships. He is a fair and honorable man, but his partner Henry Vance is not. Vance and employee Daniel Grey sign Benton's name to orders for boilers they know to be defective. Their partners in the scheme, which involve installing the boilers in the ship so it will sink at sea and they can collect the insurance, are the agent who carries the ship's insurance and a government inspector. After the ship sinks, the conspirators hire a safecracker to plant money in Benton's safe to make it look like it was he alone who profited from the scheme. Benton is sentenced to prison. He serves 12 years and is released, and when he gets out he finds out what really happened, but the men who were responsible for it are now wealthy and have become powers in city politics. Determined to clear his name, he comes up with a plan to expose the crooks by using their tactics against them.
1780 ::: Awaargi (1990) ::: Azad(Anil Kapoor), a mob enforcer who rescues the lovely Seema (Meenakshi Seshadri) from a brothel against the orders of both his boss and a rival gang leader. He vows to help her become a singer, and enlists Dhiren (Govindra) to help her, but things become complicated when both men fall for Seema--and the gangsters decide they want her back. Lalla is one of the underground dons in Bombay, and has several men to carry out all kinds of criminal activities for him. One of them is Azad, who he uses to scare people, and Azad has never failed him. Then Azad goes and rescues a prostitute named Seema from Ranubhai, who owes allegiance to rival don, Bhau's, group and invites his ire and anger. Azad refuses to submit to anyone, and assists Seema meet her goal - which is to be a famous singer. He entrusts her to a Music Director by the name of Dhiren, and sits back and watches as Seema becomes popular day by day. Azad has fallen in love with Seema, but is unable to tell this. What Azad does not know that Dhiren too has fallen in love with Seema, and it appears that Seema is also attracted to him. Before Azad can pursue this any further, he must content with Bhau's hoodlums - who have been instructed to kill him under any circumstances.
1781 ::: 20 Minutes of Action (2016) ::: 20 Minutes of Action is a non-fiction film that brings to life in performance the harrowing victim's impact statement of Emily Doe, the survivor of the rape committed by Brock Allen Turner on the campus of Stanford University on January 18, 2015. Written in the form of a letter, the 7,244-word statement captivated the Nation and was read throughout the world. Global leaders and celebrities championed the words of Emily Doe after Turner received a lenient, six-month sentence from California Superior Court Judge Aaron Persky. In 20 Minutes of Action, 30 diversified women personify the poignant words of Emily Doe.
1782 ::: Queen of Thursdays (2016) ::: She was the very pinnacle of grace and talent-yet for years Rosario Suárez (aka Charín), the ballerina of the Ballet Nacional de Cuba, was rarely showcased on the weekend programs. This went on for so long that Rosario became known as the Queen of Thursdays. Her career in Cuba remained for years in the shadow of the all-powerful founder, director and Prima Ballerina Assoluta, Alicia Alonso. When Rosario finally became prima ballerina, long after she had reached the age where most dancers retired, a family crisis brought her to Miami. And exile.
1783 ::: Listener's Choice (2013) ::: A lonely apartment block occupied by solitary tenants. A woman lingering by her window; a man feeding some nocturnal cats; a married couple fighting endlessly; a little boy who has seen too much and a war that threatens their entire existence. Tonight their doors will open.
1784 ::: A Mysterious Robber (2012) ::: A geologist and his daughter went to find a gold mine. They were chased by a a group of robbers to find out the location of the gold mine. During the chase,the geologist fell off the cliff and the daughter lived. A mysterious revenge story began to unfold.
1785 ::: A Yellow Bird (2016) ::: Siva, a Singaporean-Indian man is released after in prison for contraband smuggling. Unable to find forgiveness form his mother, he begins a quest to locate his ex-wife and daughter. Just as he finds solace and hope in the company of an illegal Chinese prostitute, he is confronted with an unbearable truth about his family. How far he will go in order to redeem himself from guilt?
1786 ::: Agent trouble (1987) ::: Amanda Weber is a museum employee. Her nephew, Victorien, who feels that wild animals should not be kept in zoos, has been murdered, and she seeks to find out why and how. She knows that Victorien was witness to a mysterious government project where 50 tourists were killed by an unknown poison gas, and the bus they were travelling in was found at the bottom of a lake. Alex, a callous government assassin who is having marital problems with his wife Delphine, has orders to kill anyone who knows about the cover-up of that project, and Amanda soon becomes his target.
1787 ::: Dawn (2014/I) ::: Four comrades in arms attempt to influence the young Elisha, to make him overcome his conflicts of conscience and fully commit to their cause. The story is set in Palestine in 1947, during the British mandate period. The Zionists are fighting for the establishment of a Jewish state. A member of the armed Jewish underground has been sentenced to death by the British authorities. In return, his comrades kidnap a British officer. During the whole night they are waiting together for the outcome of the negotiation. If the British hang their friend at dawn, one of them will shoot the British officer. In the context of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict Dawn sheds a new light on a key moment in history that allows to re-situate the current political disputes.
1788 ::: The Dead Sea (????/I) ::: The film is set almost entirely on board the nuclear submarine HMS Vengeful. The sub suffers an act of sabotage from a foreign aggressor knocking out it's systems and killing most of the crew. 5 remaining survivors find themselves with no power or control over the sub, only emergency lighting and no means of communication. They are left with no other choice than to attempt to regain control in order to escape; however, having received a cryptic message from Command, escape is not on the only thing on the Skipper's mind.
1789 ::: First Day at Big School (2016) ::: An intimate documentary packed with wide-eyed stares, wobbly lips, first falls in the playground and first attempts at making friends. It follows a class of children at a state primary school, all with very different personalities, as they connect with their new surroundings and each other.
1790 ::: Movie Madness (1982) ::: A National Lampoon anthology of three shorts spoofing everything from personal growth films, glossy soap operas, and police stories. In the first story "Growing Yourself", stars Peter Riegert as a confused family man who throws his wife out of the house in order for him to "grow" a new path in life and raise his four children on his own. In "Success Wanters", Ann Dusenberry stars as Dominique Corsaire, a young college graduate determined to succeed in life in which in a few days time lands a job as a stripper, then the mistress to a margarine company, inherits it when the owner croaks, and is then romanced by a Greek shipping tycoon, and ultimately the US president. In "Municipalians", Robby Benson stars alongside Richard Widmark as a naive rookie Los Angeles policeman paired with a cynical veteran of the force to catch an inept serial killer (Christopher Lloyd).
1791 ::: The Fighting Spirit (2007) ::: There aren't a lot of ways to leave Bukom. A poor village in Ghana, its main industry is fishing, with a paltry annual salary of $300. So its young people are fighting their way out -- literally. Thanks to tenacious coaches who turn rough street fighters into money-churning professional boxers, the village has produced several champions, and is looking for its next big winner. Twenty-two year-old George is excited to box overseas for the first time, but has girlfriend troubles back home. Known as the first lady of boxing, Yarkor is using the memory of her cheating ex-boyfriend to fuel her fire, but is struggling to win her first big fight. Having already achieved international success, Joshua is training for the world featherweight title, with the help of dodgy manager Vinnie Scolpino. A spirited look at Ghana through the eyes of those fighting for their dreams.
1792 ::: The Making of a Rock Star (2001) ::: Going deeper than VH1's Behind the Music, The Making of a Rockstar goes inside the life and mind of some of today's top artists (past & present) to find out what makes them who they are. With re-enactments on some of the biggest events in their personal lives and musical careers.
1793 ::: Elvis (2018) ::: Set in 1979 a psychotic sex toy maker kidnaps his ex-girlfriends sister and holds her hostage for their pet dog Elvis. His ex (an actress) her new lover (a TV writer) and their two best friends drive out into the desert to make the swap. What follows is a dark, comedic chase through the desert. A David Lynch/Jim Jarmusch style film in the vein of Wild At Heart and Down By Law.
1794 ::: Before I Die (2018) ::: With a phobia of the outside world, Elena has relegated herself within the safe confines of her home. But when the laws of time and space begin to do strange things, she must battle her fears or suffer a fate worse than anything she could imagine outside her walls.
1795 ::: The Elephant in the Living Room (2010) ::: The Elephant in the Living Room takes viewers on a journey deep inside the controversial American subculture of raising the most dangerous animals in the world, as common household pets. Set against the backdrop of a heated national debate, director Michael Webber chronicles the extraordinary story of two men at the heart of the issue - Tim Harrison, an Ohio police officer whose friend was killed by an exotic pet; and Terry Brumfield, a mentally unstable man who struggles to selfishly raise two African lions that he loves like his own family in a small cage in his backyard. He does not understand the controversy over "owning" wild animals; the reality is, he keeps them for himself, not because he thinks it puts the lions in a good situation. In the first of many unexpected twists, the lives of these two men collide when Terry's male lion escapes its pen and is found attacking cars on a nearby highway. Winner of 5 Best Documentary Awards, the film courageously exposes the shocking reality behind the multi-billion dollar exotic pet industry with stunning photography, inspiring storytelling and unprecedented access into a world rarely seen, right in our own backyard.
1796 ::: Survive the Savage Sea (1992) ::: Jack and Claire Carpenter realize his life-long dream by selling the family farm and uprooting their four kids to buy the yacht Providence. Sons Gary, Brian and Timmy give it an honest try and daughter Susan decides to take a job in a port. Her place is taken by Wally Hudson, who wanted a lift to Tahiti and proves a spoiled brat, without the sailing experience he claimed. Shortly after sighting whales, they are hit by a whole group and sink, too fast to think of sending a radio message. Their inflatable raft is too small for six people and supplies are only for a day or three. To get 1,000 miles further, where sea traffic is far more likely to find them, Jack designs a sail. Everything proves hard, even the rain they desperately longed for, but the boys show great courage. Only after weeks Susan gets a search started.
1797 ::: "Prica o fotografiji" (1983) ::: The first ever series on the history and development of photography on Yugoslav television. In six episodes, it traces the story of photography from the very beginnings to the present, giving an insight into future possibilities of new technological developments in the art of photography.
1798 ::: The Revolution Won't Be Televised (2016) ::: Old men who brutally and relentlessly cling on to their roles as heads of state have become colossally negative images in many countries of Africa, including Senegal. When President Abdoulaye Wade wanted to run for office yet again in 2011, a resistance movement formed on the streets. Shortly afterwards, a group of school friends, including rappers Thiat and Kilifeu, set up "Y'en a marre" ("We Are Fed Up"), with filmmaker Rama Thiaw soon coming on board to start documenting events - meetings, campaigns, arrests, concerts, states of exhaustion, trips - from an "insider" perspective.
1799 ::: Blumenthal (2013) ::: Celebrated playwright, Harold Blumenthal, has passed away after succumbing to cardiac arrest while laughing at his own joke. Now, Harold's estranged and jealous brother, Saul, must confront his personal hang-ups in order to deliver himself from an epic bout of constipation. Meanwhile, Saul's wife Cheryl and son Ethan must grapple with their own personal obstacles through a set of circumstances so improbably ironic, they might as well have been lifted from one of Harold's plays.
1800 ::: Epic Love (2016) ::: The film surrounds the life of Sandra who just turned the big 30. This vivacious jazz singer is at crossroad in her life and is in an unhappy relationship. After a bad breakup she begins the adventures of dating life and comes across "the one." Could it be true? Or too good to be true? Epic Love is an original story with a romantic plateau that will drive audiences into a beautiful love story that is unforgettable.
1801 ::: "Final Set" (2015) ::: Get that summer beach bod you've been striving for. Follow along with this quick body busting workout 3-4 times per week for the best results. Cassidy, your new personal fitness trainer, will guide you and motivate you through each workout until you are toned and ready to go.
1802 ::: Brainblast! (2017) ::: 'Brainblast' follows Charlie, a painter who discovers he can create beautiful works of art by smashing his head against a canvas. His boyfriend Oliver grows jealous, but sees a way to profit from Charlie's unique gift. Charlier's paintings become a sensation, even as the cracks begin form in his relationship, and skull alike.
1803 ::: Wounded (2017/I) ::: Robert is a struggling writer with demons he can't shake. Joanna is his attorney wife, worn thin from a fairy-tale romance that never was. During one final dinner, they will revisit the wonders that made them fall in love and rip each other apart as they fight for freedom.
1804 ::: Shelter in Place (2009) ::: A compelling portrait of a poor and mainly African community living in the shadow of Texan industries. With the ongoing release of millions of tons of toxic pollutants into the air from the oil refineries and petro-chemical plants, residents follow "Shelter in Place" procedure by staying in their homes and taping up their windows and doors.
1805 ::: Iris (????/I) ::: Love, life, relationships and the local pub. Iris and Sarah are as thick as thieves, and with quirky landlords, Sarah's husband Tod and the home football team, there's lots to talk about at The Hare and Hound. Every good story starts at the local. For Iris Collins everything's falling into place. She gets the man, she gets the job and six months later Ben moves in. But things change and the honeymoon period is over. Ben has a lot to hide as; one by one; he separates Iris from her closest friends and family, creating a web of manipulation and lies. If you live long enough with the abnormal, it becomes normal.
1806 ::: Texas Lady (1955) ::: Prudence travels to an isolated Texas town where she has inherited the local paper. She finds the place ruled over by the two men who wrested the area from the Indians twenty-five years before, and it is clear they do not welcome her free-spirited intervention. Support comes in the unexpected shape of the gambler she has just bested in New Orleans for her own family reasons.
1807 ::: Cappers (2018) ::: A documentary chronicling the behind the scenes action of a sports handicapper crew in Las Vegas, Nevada, lead by Steve Budin, Brandon Lang and Al Demarco, the Cappers 'crew' is the most successful and famous in the country. This documentary promises the audience a never before seen view of the sports gambling underworld and showcases everything that both handicapper and gambler must stomach to make money in this business.
1808 ::: The Texas Marshal (1941) ::: Around the town of Cactus Creek a rancher has been killed and others are missing and Marshal Tim Rand has been called in. Ernest Moore has found tin ore and now holds many of the rancher's deeds. Comparing bullets leads Tim to Moore's henchman and then opening Moore's safe he finds the ore samples and the deeds. But his plan to bring in Moore and his men using Art Davis' short wave radio is thwarted when Art is captured.
1809 ::: Rizhao Chongqing (2010) ::: Lin, a sea captain, returns from a 6 month journey when he is told that his 25-year-old son Lin Bo has been gunned down by the police. In his quest to understand what happened, he realizes he knew very little about his own son. He starts a journey back to Chongqin, a city he once lived. He will understand the impact of his paternal repeated absence on the life of his child.
1810 ::: District Zero (2015) ::: Maamun opens the door to his shop, like he does every other morning. It is a tiny white container. Next to it is an identical container, and then another, and another. Thousands of containers stretch as far as the eye can see, all of them exactly the same. We are in one of the biggest refugee camps in the world: Zaatari, in Jordan. His shop repairs mobile phones. Maamun starts to serve his customers. Their memory cards contain their past in Syria: happiness, routine, family life. And then the war came, followed by destruction, fear and flight. Maamun rebuilds photos and sound, recovers lost content, recharges batteries, and restores the only link his neighbours still have with Syria. He and his friend Karim have decided to provide a new service: printing off the photos which have filled up the mobile phones of the people who live in Zaatari. Through his routine, the conversations with his friends and neighbours, the daily life in his tiny shop, we discover that no-one wants to print off photos of the war; there is much more to the refugees' sense of identity than that. They want to remember, they want to emphasise their Syrian identity, their identity as individual people. The photographs printed off in Maamun's shop every day not only make us ask questions about the identity of the refugees, but also about our own identity: who are we? Why are we here? Where were we born? Where will we die? We want to reach the audience by making them feel why a person has become a refugee and what could happen if aid did not exist (and what it means it does exist). We want viewers to feel identified that a refugee can be one of us and leave the cinema wanting to take action, to help.
1811 ::: The Green Chain (2007) ::: The battle between loggers and environmentalists is defining, dividing and destroying communities in Canada and around the world. The Green Chain is a powerful, funny and thought-provoking film about the conflicts between people on both sides of the battle who love trees -- and are willing to risk anything to protect their personal visions of the forest, and our planet.
1812 ::: Hidden Guns (1956) ::: The outlaw Stragg has the town so intimidated that no one will speak against him no matter what he does. Sheriff Young heads for a nearby town, where there is a witness willing to testify. Meanwhile, Stragg hires a gunman to take care of the sheriff and the witness. Gambler, saloon owner Stragg ('Bruce Bennett (I)' (qv))has set himself up as the boss of the town, surrounding himself with hired gunmen as well as bribing the local politician in order to make his land-grabbing easier. The only opposition if from the newly sheriff, Ward Young ('Richard Arlen (I)' (qv)), and his deputy son, Faron ('Faron Young' (qv)). During a crooked card game with a pair of brothers, Slagg kills Joe Miller ('Bill Ward (I)' (qv)), but the other brother, Burt Miller ('Ben Gans' (qv), as Ron Kennedy), escapes. Sheriff Young is determined to find Burt and hang Slagg legally, which causes Deputy Young to quit in disgust. Meanwhile, Slagg has hired professional killer "Snipe" Young ('John Carradine' (qv)) to kill both the sheriff and Burt. "Snipe" is well-named as he doesn't play Gun Duel by the rules...and carries a hidden gun.
1813 ::: Biunui wangbi (1970) ::: Historical drama based on the life of King Yeong-chin, the last Korean monarch. When he was a small child, Korea was annexed by Japan and th young prince was forcefully taken to Japan and raised in the emporer's court. When he was older, he married a Japanese princess but he was not allowed to return to Korea even after the allies freed it or during the Korea War due to political considerations. He and his wife were finally allowed to enter the divided nation in 1960.
1814 ::: Kairaku Onsenkyô: Nyotaiburo (1981) ::: As rumors spread about a hidden treasure worth 300 billion yen buried somewhere underneath a mountain hot spring resort large numbers of people flock to the local inn hotel managed by a madam with 2 things on their mind.....treasure hunting in the daytime and sex hunting in the night time. The geishas at the inn have their hands full as the inn is fully booked. The rumors even attract a shrewd rich tycoon named Yagisawa to the inn. Yagisawa immediately makes an offer to buy the inn at 80 million yen which is considered too low by the madam. However when "news" that some gold pieces have been unearthed Yagisawa agrees to buy the inn at madams asking price of 100 million yen. Is this a con job or are the buried treasures real?
1815 ::: The Misleading Lady (1932) ::: Tired of her social set and their trivial activities and tedious gossip about society divorces and award-winning race horses, Helen yearns for something meaningful in her life. However, Helen doesn't intend to bring forth this new purpose by caring for the sick and starving masses in India, or helping out charities and orphanages. Instead, she decides that the key to her spiritual uplift is to become an actress; so, she vies for the title role in a scandalous new play entitled The Siren.
1816 ::: Scantraxx: 15 Years of Hardstyle (2017) ::: The documentary is about the evolution of the music genre 'Hardstyle'. The film shows how the genre, the leading label Scantraxx and it's artists started off in 2002 as an underground movement, and how they grew out to the international phenomenon 'Hardstyle' is now.
1817 ::: O Vendedor de Sonhos (2016) ::: The main actor believes that true success is the attaining WHAT money can't buy and encourages people to follow their dreams. He forms a huge following which becomes cult like following. Officials start feeling threatened and conspire to kill him.
1818 ::: Charlie (2012/VIII) ::: A very cheerful and charismatic boss called Charlie is welcoming several volunteers that will assist in medical research for the GenCorp corporation. What they don't know is that next to providing a generous salary GenCorp also expects certain macabre activities of its volunteers. So the question becomes who is Charlie really?
1819 ::: "Three 60 TV" (2006) ::: New Season of Three:60 TV is launched in October 2017 with a Halloween-themed show filled with fun, funny skits about the "Danger Things" we all face in life, and how we can confront and overcome challenges through scripture and living a Christian life. This season premiere was launched first on FaceBook Live, then posted on YouTube before broadcast on Dish Network.
1820 ::: The Lost Tribe (1949) ::: Jungle Jim rescues a beautiful native girl, Li Wanna, who is being chased by two sailors. She comes from a hidden village and the men were using her to find it. Jim visits the village and learns they are rich in diamonds. The village elder gives Jim a bag of diamonds which he wants delivered to the men looking for them. A bag of diamonds will not satisfy them however. Along the way, Jungle Jim faces several challenges.
1821 ::: Viral (2015/III) ::: To prevent a highly contagious outbreak, a hypochondriac Teenager, fights for the lives of her fellow students during a grad camp weekend, after stumbling on to an underground dungeon, where a disturbed Biochemical Engineer is testing a deadly virus.
1822 ::: Lal Patthar (1971) ::: Raja Kumar Bahadur alias Gyan Shankar Rai has been a total abstainer all his life, never touching a drop of alcohol, and keeping away from women and all known vices all his life. Then one day he sees a young woman named Saudamani, and instantly falls in love with her. He finds out about her background, and virtually buys her, and brings her to his palatial home. This is when he takes to drinking, and wooing her, and renaming her Madhuri, but refrains from marrying her. Years later, he sees another beautiful woman, about half his age, named Sumita, meets with her parents, pays off their debts, and marries her in the bargain. He brings Sumita home, but makes it clear that Madhuri's word is law here. Then Kumar finds out that Sumita had a childhood sweetheart in Shekhar, who has now returned from abroad. Kumar meets with Shekhar and finds out that both still have feelings for each other. An insecure and jealous Kumar now schemes a plot against them on the historical grounds of Fatehpur Sikhri - which houses the tombs of Badshah Akbar's Hindu wife, Jodhabai, and Christian wife, Mariam. It is here Kumar's plot unfolds to entrap the young lovers, thus giving the title "Lal Patthar" (meaning red stones).
1823 ::: Fantasy (1979) ::: Set in an elegant café at an island resort, Gerard Damiano takes us inside the minds of the characters to examine their fantasies about each other! Each vignette is increasingly erotic, with heat generated by the thoughtful examination of interpersonal relationships! This is one of the few adult films that draws applause at it's conclusion. A Masterpiece!
1824 ::: Baby's Bath (1899/I) ::: "In this picture the figures are very large and very clear photographically. The young mother is seen giving her little girl her morning bath in a porcelain tub. The little one splashes the water and plays with the soap in a most natural manner, and cries when it is taken out."
1825 ::: "Tierra De Nadie" (2015) ::: Returning from winning the most prestigious journalistic award, Leo Mezza finds himself not getting the promotion he was expecting. Instead, he gets reassigned into the worst department imaginable- his newspaper's paranormal column called, "Tierra de Nadie." There he meets his partner and news reporter, Vero Soto, and together they head off to investigate the unknown.
1826 ::: The Best of the Benny Hill Show: Vol. 1 (1981) ::: Another collection of sketches and dance routines from Benny Hill's long-running comedy-variety series. Among the highlights: "Murder on the Oregon Express," in which he impersonates Hercule Poirot, Cannon, McCloud and Ironside; a look inside the Hotel Sordide; a court jester who winds up in deep trouble after insulting the King; a takeoff on "The South Bank Show"; his take on the Robin Hood legend; and "Butch Cafferty and the Fundance Kid," another of his many film parodies.
1827 ::: Dickson Greeting (1891) ::: "A little while ago there was a great convention of women's clubs of America. Mrs. Edison is interested in women's clubs and their work and she decided to entertain the Presidents of the various clubs at the Convention. Edison entered into the plan, and when 147 club women visited his workshop he showed them a working model of his new Kinetograph, for that is the name he has given to the most wonderful of all his wonderful inventions. "The surprised and pleased club women saw a small pine box standing on the floor. There were some wheels and belts near the box, and a workman who had them in charge. In the top of the box was a hole perhaps an inch in diameter. As they looked through this hole they saw the picture of a man. It was a most marvellous picture. It bowed and smiled and waved its hands and took off its hat with the most perfect naturalness and grace. Every motion was perfect. There was not a hitch or a jerk. No wonder Edison chuckled at the effect he produced with his Kinetograph." 'Dickson Greeting' is credited as one of the world's very first films in the world and was made by William Dickson. It is only a 3 second film but it still captured the essence of motion and was made in 1891. It was the first public demonstration of motion pictures in the United States to a public audience as he showed it to The General Federation of Women's Clubs (GFWC) in Edison's lab. The very first sound-film was the 'Dickson Experimental Sound Film' by William Kennedy Dickson and is known to be the very first film with live recorded sound and was made in America. The very first hand-coloured film was called 'Annabelle Serpentine Dance' by William Dickson in America as it was distributed by Edison Manufacturing Company in 1895, a company based in New York City at the time. Theatres started to be built for films in the US as the first building exclusively for showing films was built in 1896, June 26 on Canal Street, New Orleans, Louisiana and later on that same year another was built in Buffalo, New York in the Ellicott Square Building, it was called the Edisonia Hall which was the first motion picture theatre in the world.
1828 ::: "Business Boomers" (2014) ::: This episode follows the fortunes of the ultimate online retail success story - a business that was born in a garage twenty years ago and grew into a 100 billion pound global giant. Along the way, the Amazon phenomenon has inspired, shaped - and sometimes squeezed - the rest of the retail sector, while revolutionising attitudes to online business and transforming the way people shop. British people now do more of their shopping online than any other nation and in 2013, tens of millions of British customers used Amazon to buy 4.5 billion pounds' worth of goods. The story of the growing use of Amazon is the story of the internet age. Time and again, founder 'Jeff Bezos' (qv) has moved the goalposts for many industries. Publishers, retailers and even the French minister of culture criticise Amazon's practices and bemoan its sheer size, but Amazon defends its record for providing customers with choice and competitive prices. Furthermore, Bezos' confidence in his mantra of 'start with the customer and work backwards' is already taking Amazon into new sectors - groceries, ebooks, film production, and cloud computing services.
1829 ::: Dr. Sensitive (????) ::: The comedy centers on the doctor with the world's worst bedside manner who undergoes a transformative experience that makes him overly empathetic. In the vein of "Liar, Liar" and "What Women Want" this is a comedic story about an insensitive doctor who starts to feel his patient's pain.
1830 ::: Rise of a Texas Bluesman: Stevie Ray Vaughan 1954-1983 (2014) ::: This film reveals and dissects the formative years of Stevie Ray Vaughan's career - his influences and recordings - and traces the history of Texas blues itself, identifying Vaughan's place within this larger tradition. Featuring rare archive footage, exclusive interviews and a host of other features which all at once provide the finest document on the celebrated guitarist yet to emerge.
1831 ::: "Feel the Force" (2006) ::: Most Wanted Man In Scotland is on the loose and in the area. Frank and Bobbins want to be assigned the job of bringing him in, but that goes to their rivals MacBean and MacGregor. Instead, Beesley makes them babysit her daughter Emily. After terrorising, terrifying and corrupting the seven-year-old girl, they manage to steal the Most Wanted Man from MacBean and MacGregor in a most underhand way. Bobbins thinks this is her big chance to impress the visiting Chief of Police - but she hasn't counted on Emily ruining things for her.
1832 ::: Sumnjivo lice (1967) ::: The first TV adaptation of a popular novel by Serbian comedian Branislav Nusic. Asmall town is disturbed by the arrival of a "suspicious person", an unknown man wanted by the local authorities. During the hunt, it turns out that the suspect is no one else than the mayor's son-in-law who checked under his false name in order to hide his whereabouts from his girlfriend's parents.
1833 ::: Behind Closed Doors (2013/II) ::: In this suspense drama, living on the edge seems to be the only way out. With smiles on their faces, many tend to hide the truth. But by the actions of these characters, their motives suddenly brings about a fate that is unpredictable. In the end, only the truth will reveal what is destined to be.
1834 ::: Against the Tide (2009/II) ::: 'Against The Tide' examines the conflict that erupted in the American Jewish community over the best means to rescue the European Jews trying to escape the Holocaust. It tells the little known story of Peter Bergson, who tirelessly stood up against American Jewish leaders in the late 30's and early 40's in an effort to save the Jews of Europe. Against the Tide is a compelling film that documents what happened in the United States during the Holocaust, highlighting how a young activist, Peter Bergson, challenged Washington and the establishment Jewish organizations to demand that the rescue of Europe's Jews become a top priority for American Jews. Through a never before seen 1977 interview, Bergson gives a first-hand account of what occurred. The more successful he became in attracting support from important non-Jewish members of Congress and Hollywood personalities such as Ben Hecht, Edward G. Robinson and Paul Muni, the more threatened and resentful Jewish establishment leaders became. Only the ultra Orthodox Vaad Hatzala, led by Rabbis Aaron Kotler and Eliezer Silver worked with him. Against the Tide addresses the attitudes of President Roosevelt and his senior advisors, who used the pretext of winning the war against the Nazis to block any Jewish immigration to the U.S. and juxtaposes the events in America with heart-wrenching heroic stories of the doomed Jews of Europe and the leaders of Polish Jewry who had faith that their powerful brothers and sisters in the United States would somehow be able to save them.
1835 ::: Cupid and Psyche (1897) ::: On a stage at San Francisco's Sutro Baths, in front of what looks like a large crowd, a young woman portraying Psyche and a girl of about ten portraying Cupid perform a simple dance. Psyche wears a white dress with petticoats and dons a white-feathered hat. Cupid is in a white leotard with wings on her back. The dance itself is rhythmic and without drama or much interaction between the characters - more of a prancing about.
1836 ::: Pursuing the Monarchs (2017) ::: It's the story of a majestic species: symbol of American pride, embodiment of the returning dead in Mexico, it's the story of the Monarch butterfly. It would be a happy story, only, today they are dying. The monarch butterflies population has declined by up to 80% in the last decade. Who is to blame? Both the modern agricultural practices such as GMO and herbicide use, and the illegal logging carrying on in the Mexican forest of Michoacan, the butterflies' overwintering site.
1837 ::: Le principe du canapé (2003) ::: Two young men are bored with obligations, conventional conversations and unwanted meetings. Which is why they decide to live in autarky in their flat. After a week's time, they realize this is the wrong solution. So, they make up the "sofa principle" which consists in carrying a sofa each time they go out...
1838 ::: The Curious Case of Vitamins and Me (2015) ::: THE CURIOUS CASE OF VITAMINS AND ME consults with leading health and nutrition experts in an attempt to debunk myths and misconceptions around vitamins and supplements, and determine the best course of action for optimal nutritional health.
1839 ::: 2 to Tangle (2013) ::: Jessica's true love, Tom, starts appearing to her after his death. Terrified and confused, Jess seeks out an explanation for these haunting attacks and discovers that the key to her deliverance is her faith. In a surprising twist Jess will find out that the man she loved was not who she thought he was. The answers to her questions might surprise you.
1840 ::: 911: Ten Years After (2012) ::: After 911, residents and workers were told that it was safe to live and work in the area. Many people were exposed to toxic dust. These interviews describe the difficult task of persuading officials to tell the truth. This includes the only interview by Bonnie Bellow of the EPA in existence.
1841 ::: Tales of Old Edinburgh (1997) ::: The distinctive character of Edinburgh's most historic thoroughfare is vividly brought to life on this exciting and unusual video. Our guide through the closes and wynds of the mile is Adam Lyal (deceased), hanged in the Grassmarket in 1811. Adam is now the city's most famous and charismatic ghost. He introduces us to the grandeur of the Royal Mile architecture, regales us with tales of execution, witchcraft, plague and torture. We meet intriguing characters from Edinburgh's colourful and eventful past-from John Knox to the Foule Clenger. Adam also visits the famous tattoo at the castle and soaks up the carnival atmosphere of the Edinburgh Festival.
1842 ::: Sam's Son (1984) ::: Michael Landon's semi-autobiographical sketch of his earlier life. It's the story of Gene Orowitz, a high school student struggling with his bed-wetting, who finds success as a distance runner on the track team.
1843 ::: Hole in One: 2 (????) ::: Eric still has his problems, yet he's not only accepted them, but he's very busy capitalizing on them... Now fully comfortable with his new found fame and fortune, his world quickly begins to crash around him. Deja Vu, as Eric again loses his money, his girlfriend, his golf swing and his new found fame. Eric confides in his newest best friend, he must learn how to be comfortable in his own skin, get back his golf swing and become the man he should have been all along.
1844 ::: Rengeteg (2003) ::: We see people in a shopping mall; one man deliberately leaves a backpack behind in the crowd, which, in these nervous times, is decidedly unsettling. Seven vignettes involving the people we've seen are told. In the first segment, a young woman is annoyed to find a stranger has invaded the apartment she shares with another girl; he has brought with him a dog, which he says he will leave behind with the women, as it's his intention to commit suicide by setting himself on fire; he carries a petrol can. Story two involves two young men discussing a car they have probably stolen, but we never get to see the vehicle. Then comes the section, in which a husband complains to his wife that their 10-year-old daughter was kissed in a sexual way by one of her friends; the wife then accuses the man of invading the girl's privacy as she was showering, and we eventually see the child is secretly eavesdropping on the disturbing conversation. In subsequent segments, a couple of fishermen tell a tall tale to an incredulous girl; a woman argues with her husband, a woman-hating collector of pornography (the person who abandons the backpack); a wife tells her husband about her nightmares and the influence of her sadistic grandmother on her life; and, in a forest, two girls discuss a missing man. At the end we see all the people again in the shopping mall, the faces of the passers-by have become familiar.
1845 ::: The Bliss of Mrs. Blossom (1968) ::: Harriet Blossom, the lonely wife of a workaholic brassiere manufacturer, breaks her sewing machine and ends up in bed with the repairman, a mechanic from one of her husband's factories. The man, Ambrose, is supposed to leave during the night but Harriet finds him the next day still hiding in the attic. Harriet lets her new lover stay in the attic for years, managing to keep it all secret from her husband and from the detectives investigating the sudden disappearance of a certain Mr. Ambrose Tuttle.
1846 ::: Under the Rug (2011/II) ::: Maya Linik, 84, was born in Germany and immigrated to Israel. She had six sons. 40 years ago, the eldest of them died, and this loss has separated her from the world ever since. Through scenes from Maya's daily routine and her relationships with her sons, we reveal, layer by layer, the family's trauma, and with it, Maya's unique character. The film questions the very meaning of the motherhood and relationships between parents and children. Maya Linik, 84, was born in Germany and immigrated to Israel. She had six sons. 40 years ago, the eldest of them died, and this loss has separated her from the world ever since. Through scenes from Maya's daily routine and her relationships with her sons, we reveal, layer by layer, the family's trauma, and with it, Maya's unique character. The film questions the very meaning of the motherhood and relationships between parents and children.
1847 ::: Serious Business (1999) ::: Comedy is serious business. At least that's what pals Brian and Jared discover when they decide to go pro and take their college comedy troupe on the road. On the way, they discover they can survive bad gigs, unreceptive audiences, spotty accommodations and the world's most decrepit van. But can their friendship survive a rivalry over new cast member Kim?
1848 ::: Trust (2006/I) ::: E. Roger Mitchell stars as Myles Rome, an architect living in steamy Atlanta, Georgia. He buys an engagement ring from a beautiful woman who happens to be the devil's daughter. When the stone falls out of the ring, Myles and his wife meet the woman at her hotel so repairs can be made. Myles' wife, Tory, has a bad feeling about the woman yet Myles is oblivious to the signs. A handyman makes a visit to the home of the couple to complete a small repair job. Tory asks for his opinion about her relationship problems and he offers sage advice. Later, he's killed while attempting to stop an assault but his words continue to guide Tory. Tory wants to have a normal life with Myles but is distressed by his inability to avoid the woman. The devil himself is delighted to watch his daughter fight for her life in a dangerous game with Myles.
1849 ::: A Brand New Life (1973) ::: A couple in their forties face an unplanned pregnancy after many years of marriage. They long since gave up trying to have children, believing it wasn't possible. While the husband is thrilled, the wife has conflicting feelings. She is happy with their life, has a job she loves and thinks they are too old to be having their first child, but isn't sure that having an abortion is the right decision. The pair receive a lot of advice, some solicited and some not, from friends, family, doctors and even strangers.
1850 ::: "Asylum: The Lost Interrogations" (2015) ::: A Lucky Kings Web Parody Production about The Clown Prince of Crime, The Joker, and a plan by Commissioner Jim Gordon to have him questioned by other individuals besides The Dark Knight. You never know who will go in with him next... or if they'll ever come back out A Lucky Kings Web Parody Production about The Clown Prince of Crime, The Joker, and a plan by Commissioner Jim Gordon to have him questioned by other individuals besides The Dark Knight. You never know who will go in the room with him next... or if they'll ever back out A Dark Parody series about The Clown Prince of Crime, The Joker, (Lucky Mangione) and a plan by Commissioner Jim Gordon (J.C. Kingsley) to have him questioned by other individuals besides the Dark Knight. You never know who will be going into the room with him... or if they'll ever come back out
1851 ::: Windy Ledge Farm (1932) ::: Simple title cards link ten home movies shot at Maine's Windy Ledge Farm, at a neighbor's place, and visiting the Brownes in Chocorua, New Hampshire. We watch an uncle mow, farm hands haying with the White Mountains in the background, various young children playing, a lad holding his cat while carrying milk cans on a yoke, a pointer stalking a cat, the annual burning of brush and rubbish, and a montage of chores and relaxation on the farm. The last shot is of spring, a flag in the background. The films are sweet and straightforward, with clear black and white images.
1852 ::: "Las promesas de la tierra. Historia de la agricultura en México." (2010) ::: The invention of agriculture transformed human life, and pre-Hispanic Mexico was no exception. Maize was key to the rise of these civilizations. For centuries, the Mexican countryside has fed a nation while setting the stage for numerous social conflicts, transforming its men into protagonists of quests such as Independence or the 1910 Revolution. Land distribution, industrialization and the development of new technologies have marked the countryside going into the 21st century, confronting major challenges that will allow it to competitively join the global market.
1853 ::: Something's on the Roof (????) ::: A middle class family move into a new neighborhood and immediately sense that all eyes are on them. After a few days they begin to hear footsteps on their roof followed by a series of increasingly sinister occurrences that leaves them searching for answers. It all comes to a frightening climactic end filled with horror.
1854 ::: Elevator: A Short Film (2016) ::: Four college students get stuck in an elevator. Despite early pleasantries and awkwardness, each of the students opens up about their past experience and they all become friends. Eventually, campus police gets the four students out of the elevators and they all leave with open minds and new friendships.
1855 ::: Dangerous Charter (1962) ::: A fishing boat discovers a deserted luxury yacht at sea with a dead body on board. They claim the yacht as salvage, not knowing that a drug smuggling ring has hidden $500,000 worth of heroin on the boat.
1856 ::: Unheard Voices and Notes to Myself (2012) ::: UNHEARD VOICES and notes to myself... is a story about a Journey... The Foundation of Universal Responsibility of His Holiness the Dalai Lama organizes a month-long Gurukul program in Dharamshala (Himachal Pradesh in North India) every year. Young participants are selected from all over the world to experience the Monastic tradition, Buddhist philosophy, and Tibetan culture, engage in various activities of the Tibetan community and to know about Tibetan struggle for freedom. The Gurukul Program is a unique opportunity for the young students to come closer to a world of wisdom, inspiration, dreams, discovery and exploration. This film is a travelogue, which stitches the journey of the participants and their experiences in this beautiful place. This travelogue is the story of the changing lives of these participants and going beyond to also capture the vibrant, compassionate, heartfelt, and passionate life of the Tibetan people in the Buddhist town of Dharamshala.
1857 ::: Rodney Fickle Online Athlete (2014) ::: Meet Rodney Fickle (Isaac Moody) a twenty something with nothing but a large collection of game consoles, an impressive Gamer-Score, a dead end office job and the uncanny ability to make an idiot of himself while trying to win back the love of his ex-girlfriend Marie (Susie McCann). Faced with the drudgery of his day to day routine Rodney soon decides that it's time to do something with his life. Pushed by his best friend and work colleague, Dave (Ben Williams) Rodney leaves his office job behind to pursue a career in the highly competitive, highly lucrative field of Professional Video Gaming. Rodney soon finds himself battling through the ranks of the gaming world towards the ever coveted 'Online Athlete' title against his old nemesis Eric (Kane Sarota) and his Guild. Will Rodney be able to win the 'Online Athlete' title, fend off Eric and his crew and keep his friendships with Dave and Marie intact? Follow Rodney Fickle as we explore humor and heartwarming sentiment in this independently produced, unique blend of Documentary and Cinema looking at love, life and video games.
1858 ::: Dream in American (2011) ::: Dream in American is a feature length, character driven, ensemble drama. In the spirit of Magnolia, Crash and Babel, it tells the intertwined stories of four immigrants to NYC who learn that the American Dream comes with a price. That price is the sacrifices each of them is faced with making relating to their past, heritage and culture in the pursuit of their dreams. An aspiring dancer, fresh off the boat from Bulgaria is taken under the wing of a French-Israeli choreographer battling cancer. She is finally empowered to take a stance against her abusive Bulgarian rock star boyfriend and sees her dream through. A Jordanian Muslim doctor, secretly leading a gay relationship with an American, is surprised with a visit from his Jordanian fiancée. He painfully juggles the two opposing worlds until he is pressed in all directions to make a choice. A hard working widower and father from the Ivory Coast is at odds with his troubled teenage daughter who takes desperate measures to try to fit in with her American schoolmates. These characters all cross paths as they share a quest of reconciling their past selves with their reinvented selves in a post 9/11 NYC.
1859 ::: Making of 'Chá' (1987) ::: This documentary video provides fans with a behind- the-scenes look at the making of the movie 'Cha'. Includes in-depth interviews with the cast and crew, including Brazilian director Paolo Caldas, who give their input on what it was like to work on the project.
1860 ::: E-A-G-L-E-S: The Movie (2005) ::: Finally, Eagle fans get their due, a film about them and their team. "E-A-G-L-E-S: The Movie" is a unique blend of behind-the-scenes access with players and coaching staff, and a season's chronicle through the eyes and experiences of the faithful. Journey with the fans as they experience one of the greatest seasons in Eagles history. One that saw records set, ghosts exorcised, and Dallas humbled! And you'll see how this team brought respect to a city with a trip to the Super Bowl.
1861 ::: Riding Shotgun (1954) ::: After members of his family are killed by the Maraday Gang during a stagecoach robbery, Larry Delong takes a job as stage guard in hopes that he will meet up with the outlaws. After he is captured by the bandits, his shot-up stage is returned to the town by the gang in order to draw the authorities out of town. After being left for dead, Delong escapes to warn the townspeople of an imminent raid by the outlaws. They don't believe his story and, in fact, accuse him of complicity in the stage robbery, tasking the town's remaining deputy with arresting him. A besieged Delong hides out in a local saloon before making his next move.
1862 ::: Yuvaraju (2000) ::: A love traingle.Srinivas(Mahesh Babu) and Srivalli(SakshiSivanand) are college mates who fall in love and decide to get married.Twist in tale occurs when SriLatha(Simran),Childhood friend of Srivalli and happens to be tour guide of hero longback comes to to engagement function with her son..All is going well when its revealed that child is actually son of the actors due to drunk mistake during his tour.Rest is all about who the hero chooses and his emotional struggle
1863 ::: L'ora di lezione (2017) ::: Professor Arnaudo wants to take class, but no students attend. He remembers when he was a lazy student struggling with his harsh teacher. When he meets Giulia, he goes back to classroom to make her understand the meaning of one hour lesson.
1864 ::: The Archaeology of Comedy (2008) ::: The two hour search for comedy's Holy Grail continues in Dave and Tom's outrageous look back at the history of comedy. You've seen actors Dave Beeler and Tom Konkle on other TV shows, now watch them discover a lost Monty Python-influenced sketch comedy troupe that bucks the norm of sketch today; instead opting for a more deliberate and cerebral approach. Delightfully nostalgic yet unmistakably original, you''ll be glued to your screen as they take a look back on "this business of funny." From prehistoric pornography to poetic clowns on mountainsides, after watching Dave and Tom you''ll agree that history has never been this much fun. A spoof of BBC and Discovery Channel documentaries that promise to reveal a great mystery, this DVD is as one reviewer put it, "a silly journey through a world of scenarios... ranging from unfathomable science discoveries to absurd game shows, from sickly polite bank robberies to ego maniacal hat entertainers....their work achieves comedy on a level commensurate with Monty Python, Mr. Show and Little Britain, and highlights a sparkling sense of the off-color, rude and the importance of wacky nonsense. Always unexpected and always entertaining....."
1865 ::: Empire of Danger (2004) ::: A newly designed spacecraft capable of going through time is sent to Mars to rescue a crew previously lost on Mars. The ship is sent through the past but to the wrong time, years later than the first crew. Once they land on Mars, the crew finds that it is a place where Bararians rule. The leader of the Barbarians is a female battle warrior named Giza that wants their ship to use as her own chariot through time where she hopes to steal the ancient power of the Masha. With that power, she will gain complete control
1866 ::: Mask (2013/I) ::: Charles Lewis founded TapouT in 1997, prompting a whirlwind life that intersected the birth of a sport. Selling TapouT apparel out of the trunk of his car during road trips throughout California, a hot bed of mixed martial arts in the late 1990s, Lewis took on the superhero persona of "Mask" as he donned war paint on his face and wore outlandish comic book outfits. By 2007, TapouT was a national brand with revenue under the unconventional Lewis's leadership reaching $22.5 million. Mask's vision quickly came to represent hardcore aspects of MMA fandom at a time when the sport floundered under political pressure. By 2007, with the political fights waged and won, Lewis's ambition to create the Nike of mixed fighting appealed to the mainstream as well. The history of MMA cannot be told without mentioning Charles "Mask" Lewis, or the era in which he emerged. On March 11, 2009, Lewis was killed by a drunk driver in Newport Beach, Calif. To honor his contributions, the sport's dominant promoter, the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), posthumously inducted "Mask" as the first and only non-fighter into the UFC Hall of Fame. His name also appears in the Octagon.
1867 ::: 27 aprile Racconto di un evento (2014) ::: The documentary starts from the sanctification of Pope Giovanni XXIII and Pope Giovanni Paolo II and tells the scenes on the figures of the two saints and popes of Pope Francesco I, with a stock image of three Popes enriched with new images of Pope Francesco I at the time of his election before it is presented to the whole world. A journey through exclusive places and partly unpublished Vatican.
1868 ::: The Nail: The Story of Joey Nardone (2009) ::: After spending 8 years in prison for an unfortunate accident, heavy-weight boxer Joey Nardone returns to a solitary life in Philadelphia. His time in prison and the opportunity to reflect has changed him. Feeling like a stranger in his own neighborhood and searching for some semblance of normalcy, he takes a job at the boxing gym where he used to work-out. Joey finds comfort in the familiarity of his old friends. But his buddies notice a change in Joey Nardone. Where is the spark and zest for life, once inherent in their pal Joey? Joey, struggling to find meaning in life, meets a 14 yr. old Puerto Rican kid named Jesus, who is repeatedly beaten up by the neighborhood bully. The kid, not used to kindness from strangers, has no time for Joey. Life is hard for Jesus, a scrawny boy, who is not only dealing with his peers picking on him at school, but he also has an alcoholic, abusive father to contend with at home. The chemistry between these two unlikely friends; Joey, an over-the-hill over weight ex-boxer and Jesus a target for bullies, is pure synergistic "magic." They begin a relationship that gives them both a new and inspired life with a purpose: to only "fight for the right." the life lessons the old boxer teaches the kid are golden. This heartwarming story of two lost souls finding each other on the streets and boxing arenas of Philadelphia, will capture your heart. Because in life SOME THINGS ARE WORTH FIGHTING FOR.The Nail is a story forgiveness, hope and second chances
1869 ::: "El Estado de México, su historia y su gente, Capítulo IV" (2011) ::: After the 1910 Revolution, a capable political class governed the State of Mexico, encouraging its economic development until it had become the state with the highest growth nationwide. Urban expansion and proximity to Mexico City gave rise to a megalopolis that would eventually comprise Querétaro, Cuernavaca, Pacuca, Tlaxcala, and Puebla. Although there are considerable drawbacks in terms of housing, health, and education, and more recently, broad industrial revamping, the State of Mexico will continue to perform a key role in national progress. Today, the State of Mexico is a laboratory in which the possible destinies of the nation are being tested.
1870 ::: Paul und Lila (2002) ::: Twelve year old Lila is new in town and becomes the star of the clique when she tells everyone that her father Paul is the fitness trainer of Princess Stephanie and enormously rich as well. This is not exactly true, but it sounds much better than telling them that he is physically handicapped, single and always short on money. But Paul also has his little secret... or does the young, attractive household help really come only to clean and iron?
1871 ::: Beyond our arena (2015) ::: Documentary filmed for three years. Dive into the heart of the life of horse herds in the meadow, here in France. Enjoy authentic moments with riders and breeders. Care, kindness, sport, sharing, equestrian life going straight to the point.
1872 ::: Sleep Furiously (2008) ::: Set in a small farming community in mid Wales, a place where Koppel's parents - both refugees - found a home. This is a landscape and population that is changing rapidly as small scale agriculture is disappearing and the generation who inhabited a pre-mechanised world is dying out. Much influenced by his conversations with the writer Peter Handke, the film maker leads us on a poetic and profound journey into a world of endings and beginnings; a world of stuffed owls, sheep and fire.
1873 ::: The John Glenn Story: A Return to Space (1998) ::: The extraordinary life and widely varied achievements of one of America's greatest heroes. The documentary presents exclusive interviews with John Glenn, his close friends and associates. Included is rarely seen behind-the-scenes footage of his dangerous and harrowing early space mission, as he became the first American to orbit the earth; followed decades later by his extensive preparation for the space shuttle mssion, and his eventual triumphant return to space as the worlds oldest practicing astronaut. Friends and colleagues, from former Press Secretary Mike McCurry to baseball great Ted Williams provide insightful and moving stories about this enigmatically understated yet uniquely driven American hero.
1874 ::: O Amuleto (2015) ::: Moçambique beach in Florianópolis, have a lot of unsolved murders cases. One day, Diana, Alex, Paulinho and Marcinha went to a party in the forest. In the next day, three teenagers are found death. Diana is the only survivor, but she doesn't remember what happen. The only thing that will help to solve the case is the videos recorded with their cell phones.
1875 ::: Behind the Action in 'Biker Boyz' (2003) ::: A behind the scenes look at making Reggie Rock Bythewood's film "Biker Boyz" featuring stunt coordination and interviews from the cast and crew of the following: Orlando Jones, Lurence Fishburne, Pokey aka Manual Galloway, Derek Luke, Anthony "Zeke" Settle, John Bunch, Lisa Bonet. Vanessa Bell Calloway, Megan Good, Kid Rock, Djimon Hounsou, Reggie Rock Bythewood, Don Kurt, Rick Gonzalez, Larenz Tate, Stephanie Allain, Michael Gouges, and Gina Prince-Bythewood.
1876 ::: The Mysterious Mind of Kylor Creighton (????) ::: Kylor Creighton was never a normal 16 year old boy. He was very quiet and kept to himself, unlike the rest of his family who were outspoken and loud. For the past 16 years of his life, the only person Kylor has ever confided in was his Grandfather whom he's never met. When his Grandfather suffers from a Cardiac Arrest, Kylor and his family are given all of his inheritance, including the beautiful Creighton Manor. Creighton Manor was once a beautiful house but ever since his Grandfather got sick, there had been no one there to take care of it. Over the years, Kylor would receive secret letters from his Grandfather about the Mysteries that are within the Creighton Manor. When Kylor and his family arrive, they are welcomed by Vanessa Rosewell. Vanessa is a beautiful young girl, but is also very quiet. When Kylor meets her for the first time, he notices that both Kylor and Vanessa reveal a mysterious connection and it all leads back to Creighton Manor and the deed of his Grandfather's house.
1877 ::: Jwanita (2015) ::: Jwanita is a woman with mental illness, due to being physically and mentally abused by her adoptive parents who are also black magic users. After killing her adoptive parents, Jwanita finds her ray of hope when she meets doctor Farhan. But her hopes are crushed when she finds out that Farhan is the fiance of her biological sister, Julaika. After disappearing during Farhan and Julaika's wedding ceremony, Jwanita returns with a long-hidden grudge.
1878 ::: Razor Wire Rodeo (2006) ::: June 16th, 1995, Jerry Brown killed for a small bag of marijuana. He was sentenced to life in prison and sent to Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola, America's most infamous and largest maximum-security prison. 5000 prisoners, mostly African Americans, are serving their time there. Most of them won't ever get out. Jerry Brown is the star of a brutal and unique rodeo: the Angola Prison Rodeo. "The Wildest Show in the South" as some call it. The participants are volunteers but are not allowed to train. This spectacular event allows them to make some money and earn a few seconds of fame in front of 10,000 spectators. For Burl Cain, Angola's warden, it is the occasion to make large profits and to develop with impunity his religious programs. By training certain prisoners to become missionaries, he wants to spread religion throughout the prison. Razor Wire Rodeo is the story of Jerry and these thousands of inmates, whose lives have been defined by violence in the poorest neighborhoods. In the arena, the fight against the bull becomes symbolic: it is indeed the fight of men against a crushing legal system. In 1995, Jerry Brown, 18, was sentenced to life without parole for murder at Angola (Louisiana), America's most infamous maximum-security prison. He is now the star of the Angola Prison Rodeo. Each Sunday in October, inmates battle bulls without training for a few seconds of fame and some money. For Angola's warden, the proceeds of the rodeo fund the religious education of his inmates. "Razor Wire Rodeo" tells the unflinching story of lives defined by violence and crushed by the pitiless corrections practices in Louisiana. Jerry Brown believes his fame will help him to get out of Angola. But in a state, that hardly ever grants clemencies, his battle against the bull is symbolic of a fight for freedom lost a long time ago.
1879 ::: Gertrude Stein: When This You See, Remember Me (1970) ::: A biographical look at the life and contemporary impact of Gertrude Stein (1874-1946). At Radcliffe a student of William James, to Paris with her brother Leo: they take up residence at 27 rue de Fleurus and buy their first paintings by Cezanne, Renoir, Matisse, and, later, Picasso. Saturday evenings become salon night. She begins writing, influenced by Cezanne's idea to let each part be as important as the whole. She meets Alice B. Toklas. Hemingway comes under her spell. She contrives to purchase Bilignin. After World War II, she has a triumphal tour of the USA. Friends and acquaintances speak; her words and those of Toklas make up the rest of the narration.
1880 ::: "Law of the Dragon" (2011) ::: 'Law of the Dragon' takes a fresh look at a vast and culturally rich China, examining how justice is served in rural areas so remote and isolated that the villagers have almost no contact with, and are deeply mistrustful of, the central government. Principally following the austere Judge Chen as he travels around the rural and sparsely populated Xuan-en province, resolving the grievances of the residents and dispensing nuggets of Confucian-Communist wisdom.
1881 ::: Zihron Devarim (1995) ::: In Tel Aviv, people prepare food, eat, make love, get pregnant, and die. Can one find peace in this life, asks one character at a wake; can there be an act of freedom in this modern life, asks another. Goldman's much-despised father has died; his friends Caesar and Israel set off for the funeral. They miss it, but go to Goldman's house later. Caesar has women troubles: his son from a previous marriage is ill; he's promised marriage to two women of opposite temperament. Israel has a girlfriend toward whom he's hot and cold. Goldman's mother is living in the past. Friendship, family, love, and memories may not in the end help characters find peace or freedom.
1882 ::: Running Wild (2017) ::: Running Wild is about Stella Davis, a widow who saves her ranch by working with convicts to rehabilitate a herd of wild horses that wandered on to her property. Stella must fight prejudice, greed, bureaucracy and vanity (including her own) to finally understand that there is no better remedy to misfortune than helping another living creature.
1883 ::: Rashichakra: Mesh (2010) ::: Once upon a time, Shirish and wife Radhika encountered a herd of buffalo's in the middle of the road. In an attempt to be funny Shirish said to his wife, "Look, your relatives". Belonging to the Aries star sign Radhika replied, "Looks like all my Sister-in-laws have gathered together".
1884 ::: Mirrors to Windows: The Artist as Woman (2015) ::: Mirrors to Windows is a unique British film that follows an international cast of three generations of women from Cairo, France, Germany, Lebanon, the United States and the United Kingdom, all now forging their careers in the heat of the London art scene. The film takes you on an intimate but fast-paced journey, moving the lens between art and life to reveal the dynamic and multi-faceted story of this enigmatic calling. It's in the negotiation between art and life, that the artist emerges.
1885 ::: The Path of Happiness (1916) ::: A young girl lives in the woods with her father and a deformed young man named Grekko, and has never been exposed to the outside world. After her father dies, a visitor from the city arrives and she begins to learn about life and love, against the wishes of the jealous Grekko.
1886 ::: Didi - Der Doppelgänger (1984) ::: A wealthy businessman and the owner of a rundown pub share one thing in common - they look like identical twins! When the businessman hears of a plot against him, he hires the pub owner as a decoy. However, the pub owner is accident prone and causes more trouble than he is worth. An action-packed, physical comedy.
1887 ::: Saving Egyptian Film Classics (2002) ::: "Saving Egyptian Film Classics" deals with the harsh consequences of neglecting films in the storage rooms without preservation. Egypt produces the most popular cinema in the Middle East and, after Hollywood and India, produces more movies than any other country in the world. The Egyptian Filmmakers have produced masterpieces since 1920s. Now all these films are in great danger. Egypt has no film preservation facilities to preserve these great movies.
1888 ::: Wolf's Clothing (1927) ::: Barry Baline, a guard at a subway station, has worked at his job for six years without a day off. One New Year's Eve he's told that he won't be needed until the next morning, so he decides to go out for a night on the town. As it turns out, however, his "celebrating" is short-lived--he is knocked down by a large, luxurious car driven by a man wearing expensive evening clothes. Complications ensue.
1889 ::: "Fluiters" (2016) ::: Five friends have a successful IT company that is about to be sunk by a corrupt government worker. In a moment of vengeful frustration they start a Secure Drop website where whistle blowers can upload proof of corruption whilst keeping their identity secret. They receive a document from someone under the pseudonym "Leonard0". This document reveals the possible collusion between corrupt agents in the South African State Security Agency (SSA), politicians and ISIS-agents selling a seventh Atom Bomb made in South Africa in the late 1980's. This is how our group of heroes is dragged into an international plot that plays off in Johannesburg, South Africa. Friendships, loyalties, love and stamina will be tested to the limits as the web becomes tighter and they get pulled into a shadowy world of espionage, corporate corruption, murder, terrorism and the deep-web underworld.
1890 ::: "Pedagogicheskaya poema" (1969) ::: Biopic based on the eponymous book by Anton Makarenko, whose innovative and humane treatment of prisoners made him many friends and enemies as well. Anton Makarenko, portrayed by Kirill Lavrov, is a prominent Ukrainean and Soviet writer and educator. His breakthrough ideas and his struggle for democracy in the Soviet Union meet resistance form the communist hard liners. But Anton Makarenko prevailed and organized an experimental village where convicts live and self-govern according to fundamental principles of human rights and democracy.
1891 ::: The Ernie Game (1967) ::: Ernie Turner is released from a mental hospital and evicted from his apartment. Alienated and indifferent to life, he meets Donna, a beautiful young woman while wandering down the street. Donna takes pity on Ernie despite him being in a terminal state of confusion and the two become involved with each other. Later at a party, Ernie meets a former girlfriend, Gail, and the two resume their previous relationship. For Ernie life is a game, but as he moves between the two women, his fragile mental state declines and his imagined rejections drive him to fantastic and dangerous schemes.
1892 ::: Läkaren som vägrade ge upp (2016) ::: A Doctor that honors School of medicine origin with the holistic approach to healing and human and practices with basis in medical science, which also includes natural medicine. But facing persecution from the power that rejects naturopathy leading to unreasonable accusations of malpractice, where outright lies lead to the authorities pull his license to practice medicine, a witch hunt which is developed into a ten-year media hype where his enemies is trying to throw him in jail.
1893 ::: One Onion Canon [OOC] (2007) ::: In 1946 film critic Nino Frank first applied the term "film noir" to some of the films Hollywood was producing during the period. Discussions of noir often center on visual and specifically cinematic elements such as chiaroscuro, extreme camera angles and expressionist distortion. Both literary and cinematic noir are defined by the shifting roles of the protagonist, the ill-fated relationship between the protagonist and society, generating the themes of alienation and entrapment. In Adamo Macri's video piece "One Onion Canon", he attributes the idea of noir as a filmic mise en scčne approach to portraiture.
1894 ::: Tajemství pouze sluzební (2016) ::: The episodic film based on the Slovak book Once the secrets are only professional by Pavol Zelenák. In four tragicomically tuned stories the viewer learns what can happen when a bank official, a pastor, a doctor and a minister disclose or abuse a professional secrecy. Regardless of the reason for this acting, they can cause unusual problems or even tragedy.
1895 ::: Forest of the Damned (2005) ::: In England, when the naive Emilio buys an old van, he invites his friends Judd, Molly and Andrew and his sister Ally to travel to a lake in the woods. They get lost and while trying to get directions in a bar in the road to follow the trip, they are scared by a crazy old man, who tells that there are missing persons on the spot. Then, Emilio runs over a woman and she faints. The group sees a mailbox in the roadside and Judd, Molly and Andrew enter in the forest trying to get some help. Along the night, they are chased by naked fallen angels thirsty of blood and their keeper. There is a myth that in the heart of Miranda Forest there dwell beautiful nymph creatures that were once angels. Thrown out of heaven after they became infected with human emotions of lust and sexual desire they now roam the forest, luring in unsuspecting victims with their beauty before seducing them and then gruesomely killing them. Now six teenagers are going to discover that there is more to this story than just myth.
1896 ::: X-Men, Vol. 1: The Tomorrow People (2003) ::: The world stands on the brink of war. It's not a war with another country. It's not an alien invasion. It's a war with another of Earth's native species....Homo superior. MUTANTS The word strikes fear on those who hear it. It strikes fear into the hearts of those who are it. Mankind has made the first move, launching an army of giant robot executioners called sentinels, programmed to locate and eliminate the mutant DNA strand. Magneto and his terrorist cell of mutants are preparing to follow through on their threats of Homo sapiens genocide. The only force that can prevent total annihilation? Five akward teenagers and their crippled mentor. War is on the horizon, and the Tomorrow People are here. Pick a side.
1897 ::: "La lucha de José María Morelos" (2010) ::: A military genius for the insurgents during the Mexican War of Independence, José María Morelos y Pavón, stirred up to rebellion the south of the Viceroyalty of New Spain and relinquish his spade to the congress -the one he contributed to create-, honoring in that way the title he was given: "the servant of the Nation".
1898 ::: The Whip (1917) ::: The story of the training of a racehorse, the Whip, of the amnesiac nobleman who loves the horse, and of the villains who attempt to keep it from racing.
1899 ::: Ramta Jogi (2015) ::: An intense live story placed in the land of Punjab. The main protagonist named Jogi(Deep Sidhu), comes from a humble background and the girl (Ronica Singh) , Meet belongs to a well off family (Rahul Dev). Unlike the traditional way, here in the film the girl falls in love with Jogi and approaches him. After the love story starts in terms of family getting involved in it and oppose their love. Both the youngsters deeply in love take the charge to be with each other and their journey starts from Punjab and how it unfolds in Mumbai showing their struggle and the challenges faced in the city like Mumbai. While all this is happening their families takes them back to Punjab. Based on the unwanted circumstances created by their families, the climax unfolds which is unusual in terms of emotion and has never been witnessed in the Punjabi cinema before.
1900 ::: "Hashoter Hatov (Good Cop)" (2015) ::: An Israeli police comedy. Danny Konfino is a police officer serving in a suburban police station. Although his quick temper often gets him into trouble, he is as honest as one can get and a highly dedicated crime fighter. With his anger management issues he tries to manouver between his dysfunctional family, his ex-girlfriend who turned Lesbian, a possible love affair with one of his colleagues and a statiion chief totally lacking any trait of self awareness and an obsession to branded hand cream.
1901 ::: Geppetto's Secret (2005) ::: The film, "Geppetto's Secret" is a prequel to the fairy tale classic, "Pinocchio." "Geppetto's Secret" tells the heartwarming story of a group of time-traveling "magic tools" and their historic adventures. In this film, the tools are given the assignment to find and rescue the piece of magic wood that will later be carved into Pinocchio.
1902 ::: Carpet Boy (????) ::: Carpet Boy is the true story of Iqbal Masih, a Pakistani boy who was sold as a bonded labourer at the age of four to a carpet maker. It is the hidden story of millions of children in today's world who are sold into virtual slavery by their impoverished families to make goods, which are sold in the West as luxury products. It is the story of a boy who learned the ways of resistance through being sold as a four-year-old into slavery, fought the system all his short life, was instrumental in liberating thousands of children like him who were in bondage and ended his days tragically. Slavery was abolished in Europe and America in the nineteenth century, but in the developing nation it still goes on. CARPET BOY is the true story of Iqbal Masih (1982 - 1994), A Pakistani boy who was sold into Bonded labor by his drug addict father at the age of four to a rug maker, A hidden story that repeats itself millions of time over, where improvised families sell their children to make goods for clandestine factories, It is story of a boy who learned the ways of resistances, fought the system all his short life, and who was instrumental in liberating thousands of children like him before his life came to a tragic end. He was twelve year old.
1903 ::: "Temptation" (2005) ::: Teams of two people representing Temptation and What's Good For You compete for $10,000 for their team's nominated charity and a place in the final. A host and co-host of a previous incarnation of Temptation reprise their former roles when the regular host and co-host go behind the buzzer.
1904 ::: El rati horror show (2010) ::: "Eine Polizei Horror Show" is a documentary portraying the dramatic story of Fernando Ariel Carrera, an ordinary man unjustly convicted to 30 years of prison -not by mistake but deliberately- by the manipulation of a Judicial Case. The movie takes as a central point the way in which Fernando Carrera's case was set up: the manipulation and alteration of evidence at the scene; the manipulation by the police of the testimonies of the few witnesses called to declare; the manipulation of national media by Rubén Maugeri, key witness and president of the 34th Precinct Friends Association. On the other hand, we show how Fernando Carrera lives his days in prison, knowing he is another victim of police excesses and of a legal system that unjustly convicted him.
1905 ::: Kidnapped (1987) ::: Sisters Bonnie and Debbie visit San Diego on Debbie's sixteenth birthday. After telling a sleazy pickup artist to take a hike, he follows them to the zoo and has Debbie kidnapped on behalf of his sleazy boss in order to shoot her full of dope and make her perform in porno films. Despite admonitions from the abductors, Bonnie teams up with detective Vince McCarthy, and together they try to infiltrate the porno industry in order to rescue Debbie.
1906 ::: Bikini Paradise (1967) ::: Two U.S. Navy officers, Lt. Fraser and Lt. Crane, are sent to a remote South Pacific island to look for an American teacher, named Miss Harriet Pembroke, whom has gone missing for 20 years. They are captured by eight-woman tribe whom are led by Miss Pembroke herself gone native. When the two men learn they are to used and discarded for marriage and mating purposes, they try to escape with the help from their two sympathetic "wifes" Rachel and Maya.
1907 ::: Close Enough to Touch (2002) ::: Two families, two homes and too many secrets. The Hendersons are a textbook dysfunctional family: Jason is a money-hungry philanderer; Amanda is an inattentive alcoholic. And both are eagerly consuming whatever sordid sexual opportunities cross their paths. Then there's the kids: Suzanne is a fashion-model while Neal is halfheartedly following his father into a legal career. And they each have illicit secrets of their own. When the next-door neighbors - a sexy widow and her captivating but prudish daughter - are drawn into the erotic escapades at the Henderson home, it's only a matter of time before the curtain fall on this charade.
1908 ::: Happy Holidays (2007) ::: Happy Holidays is the coming of age story of Clarissa Ryder, a young artist, who gets involved in a love triangle and realizes it's not a question of which guy she should be with, but if she can pursue her real love, painting, can she be with either? This film is the age old story of a young girl struggling to take charge of her future. Talented painter, Clarissa Ryder, has dreamed of becoming a successful artist her entire life. Encouraged by her two good friends Margaret Lloiend, and John Maher, she plans, upon graduating high school to move across country to pursue her dream. However, close to departure, she falls in love with Thomas Levy an aspiring musician who becomes her muse. During her confusion at college of how to reconcile her passion for art and her love for Thomas, she meets Charles Edmund, a strong un-artistic pillar of support. "Happy Holidays" chronicles the tumultuous and confusing relationships these five characters are faced with. Going through affairs, engagements, promises and heartbreak; Thomas, Charles, Margaret, John, and most of all, Clarissa must learn how to deal with the dreams of their past along with the realities of their future.
1909 ::: Maggie's War (2012) ::: We follow WWII 82nd Airborne veteran James "Maggie" Megellas from Wisconsin to Europe where he fought in some of the most savage battles of World War II. "Maggie" is the most decorated officer in the history of the famed 82nd Airborne Division. Airing on American Public Television.
1910 ::: "Marinara" (2004) ::: "Marinara" is about the triplets born out of the love of a mermaid and a man. To save them from danger, the triplets were separated after birth. If the predictions of the wise-men of the kingdom of Laot-Daot will come true, one of the triplets will come back to be their queen! The triplets are Marie, a conservative yet very studious person. Aira is a spoiled brat whose passion is in acting. Her dream is to win an Oscar someday. And Dolphina is a mermaid who will unfortunately be caught accidentally by fishermen. She will become the main attraction of a local carnival. Rufa Mae Quinto plays a trio of quirky sisters who haven't seen each other since the day they were born. Dolphina (a naive mermaid) braves the surface to find her two sisters, Marie (an impoverished student) and Aira (a spoiled celebrity), who are both born with legs instead of fins. Her goal is compromised, however, when she gets captured and made the star attraction of a local fair. While captured, she befriends and falls for her handsome caretaker, Felipe (played by Alfred Vargas), which stirs the jealousy of Tara (played by Gladys Reyes), the "human spider." Melanie Marquez also stars as the evil sorceress, Zadama.
1911 ::: Balekok és banditák (1997) ::: A film hose szakadt ertelmisegi, legutobb egy konyvkiado lektora volt, most allas nelkul van. Gyerekkora ota mindig o huzza a rovidebbet, o viszi el a balhet. A film kezdeten megint ilyen "bunbak" helyzetbe kerul, es ekkor elhatarozza, hogy hivatasos bunbak lesz...
1912 ::: The Lost Volcano (1950) ::: Hunting guides have kidnapped David and will force him to lead them to a lost city hidden in the center of an active volcano. Bomba the Jungle Boy arrives to rescue David just as the volcano is about to erupt. Little David Gordon lives in the jungle with his parents Ruth and Fred Gordon along with their servant Nona. David likes living there while his father captures wild animals. He's made friends with Bomba the jungle boy who has shown a great deal about life in the jungle. His parents have heard the stories of Bomba but think it's just myth along with a bit of David's imagination. When David is kidnapped by two adventurers looking for ancient treasure in the shadow of a live volcano, Bomba comes to the rescue.
1913 ::: Mojo (1997) ::: London in the fifties: a young singer is the star in a night club and is the owner's protegé. The latter has also a son, Baby, who, thanks to his father's morbid attentions is considered a halfwit by everybody. An old gay gangster has Baby's father horribly killed since he wants the singer's attentions all for himself.
1914 ::: Adiós, Mimí Pompón (1961) ::: Mimí Pompón, a famous French singer of the early twentieth century, leaves everything to marry Heriberto Promenade, rich and jealous merchant of Limoges (France) that previously was married until in five occasions. Although Mimí has also been a widow five times. Saintpaul, a shrewd police inspector, and his assistant Pierre are wary of such casual deaths and will closely monitor Promenade's mansion.
1915 ::: Boys School (2017) ::: Abuse, rape, and murder, all to reform our youth. Boys School is the harrowing tale of a group of men that experienced unspeakable horrors at the infamous Dozier School for boys, in Marianna, Florida. After nearly 50 years in silence these men, along with a brave reporter serving as the narrator, tell their story.
1916 ::: 3 Minute Wonder: Made in India - The House Remembers (2007) ::: A filmmaker returns to the house in which he was born, a colonial bungalow in the foothills of the Himalayas. Here he uncovers the stories of the property's two previous inhabitants - a British tea plantation owner and an Indian freedom fighter.
1917 ::: Virgen de Guadalupe, entre la fe y la razón (2002) ::: The image of the Virgin of Guadalupe, along with the Holy Shroud of Turin, are the only two images in the world considered of divine origin by the Catholic Church. Speaking of the Virgin of Guadalupe is to talk about faith and religious passion. For millions of Catholics, its image is the materialization of a miracle. Men of religion and scientists debate its origin. The image of the Virgin of Guadalupe is a truly divine creation or the masterpiece of an extraordinary painter?
1918 ::: The Rally-LA (2016) ::: Antonio Sarka (Kenneth Copeland), the traditional patriarch of a powerful crime family, had suddenly decided to give up his control of the family business and return to the old country for a while. He also wants his brother, Santiago (Eric Roberts), to give it up, leave that place with him and its memories to start a new life, but Santiago has no intention of giving up his birthright...
1919 ::: Whores' Glory (2011) ::: WHORES' GLORY is a cinematic triptych on prostitution: three countries, three languages, three religions. In Thailand, women wait for clients behind glass panes, staring at reflections of themselves. In Bangladesh, men go to a ghetto of love to satisfy their unfulfilled desires on indentured girls. And in Mexico, women pray to a female death to avoid facing their own reality. In worlds where the most intimate act has become a commodity, these women have physically and emotionally experienced everything that can happen between a man and a woman. For this they have always received money, but it has not made their lives rich in anything but stories.
1920 ::: Manufacturing Stoke (2011) ::: Manufacturing Stoke is a documentary feature, which highlights the surfing community's shift from petroleum based products to more organic and responsible components. The filmmakers traveled across the coast of California to visit surfing legends and new comers alike.
1921 ::: Tweetstock 007 (2012) ::: Tweetstock 007: The Web is not Enough! When Tweetstock, the world's only social media rock conference, and the future of all social media is threaten by the evil Mr. No, Chris Bond and the entire Social Media Super Spy Agency led by Commander M must spring into action to save the day. But do they have the Klout to do it? They sure do with the help of Agent Joe Fernandez (CEO of Klout), Mommy Penny and the entire Tweetstock crew!
1922 ::: Los Sures (1984) ::: In the late 70s and early 80s, Los Sures was one of the poorest neighborhoods in New York City. In fact, it had been called the worst ghetto in America. Diego Echeverria's film skillfully represents the challenges of its time: drugs, gang violence, crime, abandoned real estate, racial tension, single-parent homes, and inadequate local resources. The complex portrait also celebrates the vitality of this largely Puerto Rican and Dominican community, showing the strength of their culture, their creativity, and their determination to overcome a desperate situation. Beautifully restored just in time for the 30th anniversary of the premiere at the New York Festival, this documentary is a priceless piece of New York City history.
1923 ::: Kira Kiralina (1928) ::: Adaptation of Panait Istrati's anti-capitalist, anti-feudal tale of the exploitation and mistreatment of women and girls in the "bad old days" in the Near East. A cautionary tale to make the new Communist system in the USSR look like a great improvement over the bad old days, particularly in the treatment of females.
1924 ::: When We First Met (1984) ::: It's love at first sight for teenagers Jenny Pennoyer and Rob Montana, but then Jenny finds out that Rob's mother was the drunk driver responsible for the death of her older sister two years earlier. Jenny's mother hasn't recovered from the death of her daughter and sends angry reminders to Mrs. Montana causing the woman to be constantly tormented by guilt. Now, Jenny struggles between loyalty to her family and her new love for Rob.
1925 ::: The Bouncer (1998) ::: "Big John," is LA's baddest bouncer. He's worked every type of bar on the circuit, straight, gay, biker, hillbilly...you name it. In the course of the film, he is challenged by an old nemesis, "Iceman," (also a bouncer), who tells Big John he's past his prime. A challenge is issued.
1926 ::: Me vs. Me (2018) ::: Gabby is about to move to Manhattan for her dream job, until her boyfriend proposes. When she wishes upon a shooting star she doesn't have to choose - she's suddenly living two lives. When she falls asleep in one, she wakes up in the other- the best of both worlds, right?
1927 ::: The Sacred (2009) ::: A group of students travel to a remote and sacred Native American patch of land, in order to complete a thesis on Native American Folklore. This distant swamp area was used hundreds of years ago to judge and to punish murderous criminals. The land itself has magical powers, making it possible for the dead to come back and punish the guilty. -Sins can come back and kill you-
1928 ::: "Tall Hopes" (1993) ::: Short-lived (3 weeks) summer show about Ernest Harris, a 14-year-old kid whose father only paid attention to the eldest boy, a 16-year-old basketball prodigy named Chester. The boys had a sister named DeeDee. To compensate for his family's lack of interest, Ernest talked to his camcorder about his dreams and ambitions.
1929 ::: Kamerdyner (2017) ::: The film tells the story of the Prussian family von Krauss living in the Puck area, as well as the love between the Kashubian boy Mateusz and the German aristocrat Marita and is set between 1900 and 1945. The script depicts the complicated fate of three nations inhabiting the former Polish-German borderland in northern Kashubia, where the line of the border in Versailles after the First World War divided not only the land but also the people of Germans, Kashubs, and Poles, causing riots and often hatred. The script goes through four decades showing the complex attitudes and choices that people have to make here. Prussian anti-Polishism fought with Kashubian patriotism, which in 1939 ended in mass murder committed in thousands of Kaszubians in forests near Piasnica.
1930 ::: Labeled (2014) ::: Labeled exposes the shocking reality of how parents of some children diagnosed with genetic disorders are tragically being told their child's condition is lethal, futile, and incompatible with life. Once labeled, it is not uncommon for the child to have life sustaining food and basic medical care withheld or withdrawn, without the consent or knowledge of the parents. Follow young filmmaker Hannah Allison and her family on this cross country journey. Talking with medical experts, families, historians and theologians, they uncover the historical roots of the modern day eugenics movement and the disturbing practice of passive euthanasia still occurring in hospitals today. This film also addresses the rich blessings, love and joy these families experience through the gift of their child as well as what the Scriptures have to say about the sanctity of human life and these special needs children. This powerful documentary is a wake-up call to people of Biblical faith, parents, hospitals, churches, those fighting for the sanctity of life and social justice, and those touched by special needs, who need to know the truth about the atrocities that are occurring in this country.
1931 ::: The Russian Job (2017) ::: An automobile factory that was once the biggest and best of its kind in the former Soviet Union has turned into a financial nightmare. A Swedish manager with a lifetime of experience is expected to return it to prosperity in a big way. They meet in the city of Tolyatti, deep in the heart of Russia. And neither is willing to give in. The Russian Job is a story of great plans and even greater absurdity told in beautifully crafted images.
1932 ::: The Magnet (1950) ::: A mixture of a psychological study of a ten-year-old boy, an English domestic comedy and a satire on psychologists finds young Johnny Brent, the only child of a pair of psychologists, trading an "invisible watch" to a much-younger child for a large magnet. His nurse/nanny accuses him of stealing and scolds him and he runs away. He soon convinces himself that the police are after him and following several unsuccessful attempts to get rid of the magnet, he presents it to an organizer of a fund-raising campaign for acquiring an iron-lung for the local hospital. The magnet is one of the auction items and finally is mounted on the iron-lung as a tribute to the unknown donor. Meanwhile, the father makes a completely inaccurate diagnosis for the mother of the boy's worries. In the end the boy meets the child he thought had died as a result of losing the magnet, and trades the boy back for the return of his "invisible watch" the gold medal the town mayor had given him for his part in the hospital campaign.
1933 ::: Lachenite obuvki na neznayniya voin (1979) ::: A middle-aged Bulgarian is watching the change of the guard in front of the Buckingham Palace. For no apparent reason, while looking, in his mind he gets back to his childhood in the little Bulgarian village, he grew up in. Different rites, different traditions and still he finds something in common. He recalls the people he knew, he feared or admired. He ponders over that life of no brilliance, where people plough, harvest, marry and die, celebrate or grieve. Miracle are also worked, conceived in a unlimited child's imagination. It is the child's perception of the world that helps us to give a meaning to the major questions of human existence.
1934 ::: Gott schützt die Liebenden (2008) ::: War photographer Paul (Peter Simonischek) returns from abroad. A shock: His life love Sybille (Iris Berben) has disappeared, her blood sticks to the walls. The police patrol in the dark. In Salzburg he meets Petra (Nina Proll), who knows Sybille from before - under another name.
1935 ::: Four Quarters (2014) ::: Education that is meant to help the Native American also has its cost. Two men discover the distance they've come from their tradition and past. The two men, Timbisha Shoshone from Furnace Creek, Death Valley California, graduate from college and become history professors. They made it through the undergraduate and graduate educational system and decided to become academics, only to realize how far they've come from themselves.
1936 ::: "Svenska slag" (2007) ::: A documentary series about the battles of the Scanian war fought by Sweden in Germany and southern Sweden 1674-1679. Per Dahlberg interviews historical experts and go visit the sites of the battle fields, where re-enactments of parts of the battles and firing experiments are carried out.
1937 ::: Mexican Bloodbath (2010) ::: Saltillo, a small dusty town south of the Mexican border, caught in a war of greed and corruption. A man named Bishop returns home after his parents are executed at the hands of a ruthless drug lord El Chilango. He swears to avenge the deaths of his loved ones and take down every person involved at the cost of losing himself and his new love Lucia, the wife of his new arch rival El Chilango. A modern day tribute to Sergio Leone, Sam Peckinpah, Robert Rodriguez, Quentin Tarantino and Hong Kong Cinema. Mexican Bloodbath
1938 ::: Mondovino (2004) ::: Explores a thesis: that the deep colored, oak-aged taste of Bordeaux wines has become the world standard, following the writing of critic Robert Parker, the magazine "Wine Spectator," the consulting work of Michel Rolland of Pomerol, and the money of Mondavi, a publicly-traded corporation based in Napa with a family history of wine making. Wine makers worldwide, many using Rolland as a consultant, pursue this structure, color, and taste - to the detriment, argue some, of wine that should reflect the character of the land where the grape is grown, including the lighter Burgundy. A few old wine makers, from Aniane, Sardinia, and Argentina offer this argument.
1939 ::: The Presidents' Gatekeepers (2013) ::: He is the president's most powerful advisor and closest confidant. The White House chief of staff shapes the president's agenda, and turns his policies into reality--or disaster. He passes judgment on the president's noblest ideas and his riskiest schemes. "He is the one person besides the president's wife," says Donald Rumsfeld, Gerald Ford's ex-chief, "who can look him right in the eye and say, 'no, you cannot go down that road, trust me, it's a mistake.'" And because he rarely talks about his role--what happens in the Oval stays in the Oval--the chief of staff is the keeper of the president's secrets. Until now. Featuring exclusive interviews with all 20 living White House chiefs of staff and two presidents, Jimmy Carter and George H.W. Bush, The Presidents' Gatekeepers explores the fascinating and untold story of this unique fraternity and the presidents they serve. Epic in scope, spanning 50 years and nine administrations, it is an unprecedented series that pulls back the curtain on the inner workings of the Oval Office. From the acclaimed filmmaking team of brothers Gedeon and Jules Naudet (9/11, In God's Name), Peabody Award-winning news producer Chris Whipple (60 Minutes, ABC News) and Peacock Productions comes an unprecedented series looking at the key moments, the quiet conversations, backroom bargains and heated debates that made history and have never been heard before. In addition, Pulitzer Prize-winning White House photographer David Hume Kennerly serves as producer of The Presidents' Gatekeepers, lending his extraordinary body of work to tell this rich, untold history.
1940 ::: Life in Rainbow (2016) ::: 'Life in Rainbow' is a story of Four aspiring youth (3 boys & 1 girl). They are friends. They have everything in their life ... EVERYTHING...except the LIFE within the LIFE! One day their life turns into mystery. They got a call from a mysterious character as HE (the mysterious character) knew everything about them (Mina, Shams, Shojon & Khing); their desire, expectations, inner calls etc. HE offered them a trip, "If you are dare enough to take any challenges you can join a trip, a trip to unknown destination!!!" They never thought this journey would make them a new person with enlightens of inner knowledge, skills and personality.
1941 ::: Rebel Rossa (2016) ::: REBEL ROSSA is a personal investigation into the life and legacy of the famous - and infamous - Irish rebel Jeremiah O'Donovan Rossa by his American great-grandsons told within the context of the controversies leading up to the 100-year anniversary of the Easter Rising in Ireland.
1942 ::: A Kind of Hush (1999) ::: Six teens who were traumatized by child abuse early in their lives come together to form a gang that ultimately plots revenge against the ones who committed the crimes against them. The gang leader (Harley Smith) is the only one who has something of a normal life, living at a hotel where he is an apprentice and friends with the managers (Roy Hudd, Jeanie Drynan) who are like surrogate parents to him. However, when the others start to attack their tormentors, Smith is drawn into the conflagaration also.
1943 ::: Best of the Jammys, Volume Two (2007) ::: The Jammys celebrates the best in live, improvisational music. Founded in 2000 as an alternative to mainstream award shows, the event has become the premier grassroots music event in the country. The Jammys pays tribute to the musicians who take chances, and whose musicianship is exceptional, original and thrives in a live setting. The best way to illustrate the power of live music is to bring together a diversity of musicians who may have never before performed together. We have captured the magic of the Jammys on film and include here not only the "Best of the Jammys," but some of the most original and authentic music collaborations ever.
1944 ::: Wolfsburg (2003) ::: Philipp Gerber is a smart, but self-satisfied car salesman. In an inattentive moment at the wheel of his car, he runs over a young boy riding a bike and drives away. As he has feelings of guilt, he tries to find out more about the accident's victim and learns that the boy lies seriously injured in a hospital. Philipp wants to tell his mother Laura Reiser the truth, but he doesn't. After a carefree holiday with his girlfriend Katja, he learns that the boy is dead. Meanwhile, Laura staggers between grief and the desire for revenge. One evening, she can't bear it any more and jumps off a bridge, but Philipp saves her life...
1945 ::: Madrid (1974) ::: Documental sobre la ciudad de Madrid: historia, arte, arquitectura, monumentos, calles, jardines, vida cultural, turismo.
1946 ::: In Our Time (1944) ::: It is early 1939 in Poland when Mrs. Bromley and Jennifer come to buy antiques for her business in London. Jennifer meets Count Stephen and they wine, dine and see the sights though out the city. He wishes to marry, but his family is against plain Jennifer. When she tries to leave, he catches her at the train station and they are married. To be self sufficient, they modernize the family farm with tractors and increase production, but then Germany starts the war.
1947 ::: Friends in High Places (2001) ::: In Myanmar (formerly known as Burma), the cult of nat spirit worship has survived both the triumph of a devastating military dictatorship and the widespread adoption of Buddhism. At the center of the cult are the spirit mediums, often homosexual men, who communicate with the nats and take on their flamboyant characteristics in ecstatic rituals. Guided by two lively 70-year olds, director Lindsey Merrison explores the role of the spirit mediums in Burmese society in this fascinating documentary.
1948 ::: Home Theater Movie Trailer Intro: Welcome to Our Theatre (2007) ::: This DVD contains a looping movie trivia sequence containing over 10 questions set to a dynamic music background. When you're ready, hit Enter or Select on your remote, and the 1-minute authentic home movie theatre introduction sequence begins, just like in a real movie theater. The entire starting sequence is over 5 minutes, just enough to call attention to the show that's about to begin.
1949 ::: Michou d'Auber (2007) ::: Set in France during the struggle for Algerian independence, Messaoud's mother is terminally ill and his father, needing to work long hours in the factory, can't look after him, so decides to put him and his older brother Abdel in foster care. Sent to the countryside, Abdel has to work on a farm, but Messaoud is taken in by a childless woman, who conceals his Arab origins from her fiercely Gaullist ex-army husband. Re-named Michel/Michou, and with his hair comically dyed blond, the young boy quickly steals the hearts of both foster-parents, and eventually is instrumental in saving their troubled marriage.
1950 ::: Happy Birthday, Harris Malden (2008) ::: It's early July in Philadelphia. Childhood trauma has its hold on Harris Malden: he has no facial hair, so to compensate, he draws a mustache or beard on his face every morning, and he won't leave his neighborhood. His younger brother, Melvin, his best friend Paul, who lives next door, Paul's grandmother, and the entire neighborhood play along. But at the party for his 25th birthday, Paul's new girlfriend Susan points out to Harris that his mustache is a fake. This causes a crisis in Harris and threatens the friendship with Paul. Meanwhile, Melvin is trying to break into TV commercials. Hair, honesty, growing up, and moving on challenge each character and each relationship.
1951 ::: Tokyo Pop (1988) ::: Young female rock singer is not appreciated by her band, gets postcard from Japan saying "wish you were here". Takes what little money she has including ex-boyfriend's rent money and goes to Tokyo. She has numereous cross-cultural adventures and ends up singing with a Japanese rock group looking for a gaijin gimmick. They get their 15 minutes of fame, and our heroine realizes that she has no future there, and will hold them back if she stays. Everyone lives happily ever after.
1952 ::: Na Cidade Vazia (2004) ::: A group of children, fleeing the war, is taken to Luanda accompanied by a nun. When they reach the aeroplane, 12-year-old N'Dala decides to leave the group and to reconnoitre the city. The nun then starts her unceasing quest for the missing boy. N'Dala, only carrying a textile bag and a doll made of wire, walks through the busy streets filled with people and traffic. Later he finds the tranquility of the island off the coast, where he meets the old fisherman Antonio, with whom he becomes friends. Not much later, he meets the lively, whimsical Zé, who is a little older than he is. N'Dala starts to experience the city and its inhabitants as increasingly forbidding and he would most like to return to the countryside from whence he came. Then he meets Joka, a fringe figure who persuades him to help with a robbery in exchange for money. With this film, Maria Joao Ganga wanted to provide a realistic sketch of the bitter political situation in Angola. One of her most important motivations for making In the Empty City was to provide a picture of an African city without awakening feelings of a patronising sympathy or associations with the sensationalism of war.
1953 ::: Fire and Ice (????/III) ::: Elder assassins scour the world in search of a man and his half-human child blessed with extraordinary supernatural powers. Ten years later, wise Kayla and his seventeen-year-old son, Aji, herd goats in a very high place of the Himalayas, and hide whenever Kayla trains Aji in swordsmanship. When wild beasts attack, Aji summons fire from his hands. Kayla cautions Aji to keep his powers hidden, but Aji is curious to know more about them. With powers like Aji's, Elder assassins attack Aji and Kayla at nightfall. Kayla is downed by a fireball, but Aji defeats the assassins with powers he never imagined. Kayla's dying breath implores Aji to seek out a good Elder living on Java, an ally who can help him develop his supernatural powers. With no time to mourn, Aji sets off alone the weight of humanity's last hope resting heavily on his young shoulders. Rescued from Elder Assassins, Aji travels far away from a country, running through crowded, traditional markets; crossing treacherous, rough waves of seas; and reaching the shore of wondrous Java, where he has to fight the living forces around him. There Aji meets Laxme, an escaped human slave woman. Aji thrusts himself into the midst of a burgeoning slave rebellion. Aji, along with Laxme, joins slave leaders, Jeth and Tull, in an assault on a guarded peninsula village where the Raksa has enslaved more humans to grow their immortality flower. Ananta, the good Elder mentor, trains Aji to awaken the full potential of his powers. Now Aji leads the human slave rebellion, and there is finally hope. The Elders hear the revolt and order King to quell the slave rebellion and to capture Aji. Aji and his human rebels win a mighty battle with flaming arrows, coconut catapults and sheer will. Seeing that Laxme is captured, Aji and Tull try to infiltrate the slave prison to rescue her, but the plan backfires with Tull, and Aji is imprisoned. Aji meets a woman in his neighboring cell, an Elder woman who teaches him more of his special powers. The Elder woman proves to be ... Aji's long lost mother, Sundari. Aji, with Sundari at his side, fully awakens his Elder supernatural powers, and is able to summon the elements of Earth, Wind, Fire, and Water in ways no one has seen for a thousand years. Aji's army attacks the evil King's castle, bringing the elements, energy bolts, and horrific creatures, to bear on the enemies of freedom. In the climatic confrontation, Aji must not only fight the living forces around him but also defy his own death to be victorious.
1954 ::: De poel (2014) ::: A father takes his wife, two sons, a friend and his daughter on a hiking trip in the woods. After a long search for a spot to set up camp, the father finds a perfect place overlooking a pool. Everybody seems to get settled quickly and when the night falls the two sons listen to a ghost story told by their father's friend at the campfire. The youngest son begins to have strange dreams and bizarre occurrences begin to develop at the camp side.
1955 ::: Pardon My Postpartum (2008) ::: Taking an unprecedented journey into the postnatal veil of parenthood, transcending misconceptions, stereotypes and barriers through a chorus of emphatic appeals from the heart. A lively, spirited and heartfelt discovery of families surviving postpartum depression and the cultural variables that play a role in one of the most widely misunderstood conditions in the world. Pardon My Postpartum taps into the progressive voice of women and men from around the world as they speak out with compassion, rage and at times even levity, expressing the need for greater understanding, the sharing of traditional practices, and the hidden wealth of contemporary support structures to aid families, dispel fears and create dialogue.
1956 ::: The UnGodly Pastor (2017) ::: The controversy at Liberty Spring Baptist Church where Pastor Charles Benefield, "The Ungodly Pastor" has the South held down. Matters of pimping, gambling, drug distributing, drug using, and running Club Whip Crčme a strip club in the South. Most of his dirt entwines this place of worship. Few of his church members are likely to be disinterested in whether their pastor believes in God. Until one day the truth unfolds while the entire church is in prayer. In the end, someone has to live to tell the story.
1957 ::: Hichestan (2013) ::: Bahram (Parviz Ghodsi) illegally emigrates with his wife Fariba (Tarlan Taeyban) and daughter Bahar (Alisha-Mey) from Iran to the UK in search for a better life and to try to find a treatment for his sick child. Initially hosted by Bahram's brother-in-law, the family is confronted with the obstacles that the "Neverland" has to offer; from the lack of appropriate employment opportunities to the ultimate breakage of the marriage. The wealthy hosting family rather than being helpful eventually causes unsolvable clash between Bahram and Fariba. This captivating film exposes the problems of illegal immigration; spouses' conflicting attitudes towards behaving in a foreign land as well as a tough dilemma whether to remain loyal to one's roots and beliefs or to earn a better life through dodgy actions.
1958 ::: "Oh, Those Bells" (1962) ::: The Wiere Brothers were an internationally known trio of slapstick comedians. In this series, the brothers worked for Henry Slocum in a Hollywood prop shop along with Kitty Mathews, Slocum's secretary. The brothers managed to turn simple events in large disasters in typical slapstick style. The show only lasted two months.
1959 ::: Naked Trip (2008) ::: An obsessed filmmaker George Eastman in this bizarre and surreal mix of trash, experimental and art-house cinema directed by Alex Bakshaev (Bittersweet). On the run from the mafia, Eastman kidnaps an actress, Sarah Asproon, and heads off on a strange and terrifying road trip to the coast. Along the way George and Sarah encounter various weird characters and Mafia henchmen. Prepare for a film experience from these cult indie filmmakers that will shock you in so many ways.
1960 ::: Hitchcock et la nouvelle vague (2007) ::: In the early fifties, a bunch of movie buffs and young film critics in the "Cahiers du Cinema" recognized Alfred Hitchcock as a true "author". Their names were Truffaut, Godard, Rohmer, Rivette or Chabrol. This film tells the story of Alfred Hitchcock and the French New Wave...
1961 ::: Mig äger ingen (2013) ::: The story about 5-year-old Lisa's unconditional love for her alcoholic father. There is also a depiction of Sweden in the 70's and working class fading ideals. The mother leaves the family and Lisa struggling to maintain the image of the hero father. In the end, Lisa is facing a life-changing choice. Based on true events.
1962 ::: The Wilde Girls (2001) ::: Izzy Wilde a 14 year old girl has the dream of being a singer. Her mom Jasmine Wilde who knows what it was like being in the spotlight doesn't want her child to experience the down sides of stardom. At school talent show Izzy was discovered by a producer from Hollywood who was there to get footage of Jasmine performing her hit song for his TV show. Now jasmine has to decide whether or not to let Izzy take the opportunity and go to Hollywood to record an album.
1963 ::: La Sapienza (2014) ::: At the height of his career, Alexandre decides to set off for Italy with the idea of completing of a book on Borromini. Along with his wife Alienor feels her relationship with Alexandre is gradually slipping away. Along the way they meet siblings Goffredo and Lavinia. Gofffredo is about to embark in architectural studies. A story of rediscover the joys of life and overcoming anxiety.
1964 ::: L'amour violé (1978) ::: Nicole, nurse in Grenoble, is raped one night by four men. Deeply scarred, emotionally and physically, she thinks she will never recover from the trauma. Following a friend's advice, she decides to file a lawsuit.
1965 ::: The L.A. X (2016) ::: Ann escapes from her complicated relationship to Los Angeles. There she meets the attractive Chris and wants to spend the night with him. Arriving at her apartment she finds that her ex boyfriend Daniel secretly followed her to Los Angeles to set up a romantic surprise. Ann has to face him and their relationship and finally breaks up with Daniel. Again, this time for good. In the end Ann is all alone and finds the engagement ring Daniel got her.
1966 ::: We Are Going to Be Ok (2016) ::: An experimental journey into the mind of Parker, an adolescent on the brink of adulthood. As she faces the tribulations of everyday life, we witness firsthand both visually and musically, the painful, nostalgic, and cathartic feelings of what it is to come of age.
1967 ::: Up the Creek (1984) ::: Bob McGraw is in his 12th year of college, goofing his way through life. Bob the slacker, Irwin the alcoholic geek, Gonzer the human food disposal and Max the ne'er do well are the four losers forced and bribed to represent their university in an intercollegiate raft race., They make some friends like the lovely Heather Merriweather, but mostly enemies, among others a whole team of marines, and preppy IVY-leaguers determined to win.
1968 ::: Wazir (2016/II) ::: Two American veterans of the war in Afghanistan meet for the first time since a tragic ambush that decimated the lives of all involved. Wazir is a slow-burn drama about guilt, addiction, post-traumatic stress, and the price some will pay for forgiveness.
1969 ::: Companions to None (2007) ::: A cinematic expedition into a nightmarish world inhabited by Mexico's abandoned companion animals and the dedicated individuals struggling to comfort them and control their numbers. Facing tremendous political, economic, cultural and religious resistance, these activists fight an agonizing yet hopeful battle to make life better for Man's most loyal companions.
1970 ::: "Hang the DJ" (1999) ::: When Tom, the new program director, arrives at Taste FM he finds it far from tasteful. His attempts to clean up the image of the radio station is met with a few challenges and plenty of resistance. Soon the DJs retaliate against him and teach him a few hard lessons.
1971 ::: Megafoot (????) ::: A highly classified experiment accidentally unleashes a top secret killing machine known as MEGAFOOT. Part Cyborg, Part Bigfoot. All Terror. And now it's up to an elite squad of soldiers to track down the beast and kill it before it destroys everyone and everything in its path. A married couple, a group of college students, the scientists who know the truth, and some not-too friendly locals are about to confront their worst nightmare in this action-packed, horror thriller, gore-ride that's bigger than big - It's MEGAFOOT.
1972 ::: High School Record (2005) ::: HIGH SCHOOL RECORD follows four awkward 17-year-olds as they struggle through their senior year. Like most high school students, they ride a continual wave of embarrassment: crappy after-school jobs, attempted sex in the science room, tinfoil shorts, guitar-strumming hippie teachers and brushes with the law. The only difference is that their moments of humiliation are all caught on tape -- our gang of four are the subjects of a documentary shot by fellow classmates.
1973 ::: Hans Christian Anderson (1970) ::: A musical/comedy special, featuring an all-star international cast, based on the writings of Hans Christian Anderson, highlighting three of his most famous stories, "The Shepherdess and The Chimney Sweep", "The Little Matchgirl" and "The Emperors New Clothes".
1974 ::: Standards of Ethical Conduct (2009) ::: For those who work in big corporations, the antics that occur at FCT, an URBM company, will be all too familiar. In 'Standards of Ethical Conduct', they'll follow the story of Heff, a cubicle-dweller who finds himself in conflict with his company's nightmarish code of conduct after an unfortunate incident at the annual company Halloween party. Last Comic Standing semi-finalist Chuck Roy co-stars as Heff's stoner roommate, a man pursuing a very different sort of American Dream.
1975 ::: A Long Hot Summer in Palestine (2017) ::: "I'm 16 and I've already been through 3 wars." Farah Baker, a young Palestinian, denounced in a tweet followed by 70 000 people, the situation of Gazans under the Israeli blockade. Summer 2014, shocked by her tweet and by the war on Gaza, I took my camera and encountered Palestinians in Bethlehem before, during and after the war on Gaza. Through an artist, a banker, a florist, a woman race driver, a woman mayor - We discover how they are affected by this conflict in their daily life and how they rebuild their society despite the oppression.
1976 ::: Sloppy the Psychotic (2012) ::: Meet Mike, A man whose only goal in life was to bring joy to children... As "Sloppy the Clown". After a cruel twist of fate finds him without his beloved job he goes into business for himself. After a bout of bad luck Mike spirals completely out of control. Witness a good man go bad, then totally mad in... Sloppy the Psychotic.
1977 ::: Dungeon Warrior: Legend of the Blue Diamond (2016) ::: An evil force seeks the power of an ancient gem, the blue diamond, to take over the kingdom of Palm Valley. However, the blue diamond shatters into pieces upon returning to Earth. A young man named Kao, with a warrant out for his arrest, steps up as a hero to save the kingdom and clear his name. With the help of items and friends, Kao must obtain the pieces of the blue diamond and save the kingdom before it's too late!
1978 ::: Bittere Kirschen (2011) ::: The death of a woman can not just bring a wide range of emotions to her daughter and her childhood-friend, but also represents an inexorable journey into the past through memories. Two different points of view about living the consequences of WWII. Hope always prevails.
1979 ::: The Black Line (2016) ::: THE STORY Follow us on a journey from the west African pearl divers of the 1700s through the 1800s US Jim Crow era and the stratification of US swimming, to the indigenous athletic tradition of the Caribbean swimmers to the epidemic drowning levels in African-American communities and finishing with the mythical story of the championship run of Cullen Jones, three women named Simone, Lea and Natalie and a Young boy named Reece and everything in between. ONE LOVE.
1980 ::: From Russia with Cash (2015) ::: With increasing evidence that London's property boom is being partly fuelled by overseas buyers laundering money, From Russia with Cash uses secret filming and an undercover reporter posing as a Russian government minister to investigate how estate agents react to his plan to use millions of pounds of stolen money to purchase a high end property.
1981 ::: Red Runway (2013) ::: RED RUNWAY is a racy suspense thriller that takes us on a journey through the world of Fashion where murder, money, manipulation, sex, drugs and unbridled jealousy are all steps to ensure success, as far as the Dane Agency's former rising star Rachel is concerned. Once poised on the brink of success Rachel watched as her dream was dashed and all those around her basked in her spotlight. Ten years later Rachel is back and this time she will use any means possible to get what she wants...revenge. After newly crowned Dane Modelling Agency's star Victoria is suddenly killed Rachel assumes responsibility for her orphaned son John and so begins the psychological manipulation and deception that fuels Rachel's revenge. From the models who scorned her, to the heads of the agency that abandoned her - no one is beyond her reach. As the body count rises it is up to Detective Max to uncover the twisted truth and find who's responsible. Does crime pay the second time around? Red Runway is a racy suspense thriller that takes us on a journey through the world of Fashion where murder, money, manipulation, sex, drugs and unbridled jealousy are all steps to ensure success, as far as the Dane Agency's former rising star Rachel is concerned. Once poised on the brink of success Rachel watched as her dream was dashed and all those around her basked in her spotlight. Ten years later Rachel is back and this time she will use any means possible to get what she wants...revenge. Does crime pay the second time around?
1982 ::: Real (2005) ::: Hyun Soo, Jae Ho, Seung Kyu, and Bond are 24-year-old young losers. Another day is starting for them with noises after gathering around even in the morning without things to do. Those fellows wandering streets to make money for drinks... Another night comes to drunk Seoul streets, and they feel choky on their situation and reality. At that time, they meet some local bad guys pick pocketing Seung Kyu's wallet just like them.
1983 ::: Bride (2011) ::: In 1995, Salisbury University student Mea Bridell disappeared shortly before her graduation. Her body was never found. Her story was forgotten. Thirteen years later, Cory Hertz, a failing student, is tasked with a research paper in a last ditch attempt to save his grades. He stumbles upon Mea's story, and soon learns some tales are meant to be forgotten.
1984 ::: Mallory's Bondage Ball (2010) ::: A dominatrix, a basketball star, a cheerleader, a ski bunny, a sailor-suited party-goer, a buckskinned nature girl and an escaped prisoner all find themselves roughly treated by captors. All are securely bound, gagged and humiliated, with some of the lovely ladies having their breasts exposed.
1985 ::: Skeleton Key 3 Part 2 (2017) ::: Boobs, Blood, and Music numbers! That's right. Skeleton Key is back for its final installment. Join Howard as he ventures through notes and nipples coming up against monsters and zombies again and again. Joined by Nicopernicus, Arbuckle, Guy, Codo, and Mandy, Howard must fix the world of its monster infestation that have escaped the town borders of Nilbog!
1986 ::: Celebrities Join Bullies Keep Out Against Domestic Violence - Enough (2017) ::: Bullies Keep Out joined forces with some of our celebrity advocates and friends to stand up against domestic violence. We want to thank everybody involved in the making of this PSA/Short, and our advocates who we work with tirelessly to advocate with us for the cause.
1987 ::: All Women Have Secrets (1939) ::: When they decide they might as well be penniless husbands and wives as penniless campus sweethearts, three couples at a Midwestern university, against the advice of their friends, get married. Joe and Susie Tucker prove that two can live as cheap as one by setting up housekeeping in a trailer, and working at whatever odd jobs turn up. Slats and Jennifer Warwick marry because they can fight better under the same roof then when separated, and use Jennifer's allowance from home to pay for their groceries. John Gregory, a brilliant pre-med student, and his bride, Kay, are in the most serious situation. Kay's allowance is suddenly cut off by her unsympathetic step-mother, while the scholarship on which John is depending is threatened by his inability to do two jobs at once - study all day and work at night to support them. Kay, determined to prevent John from giving up college, takes a series of back-breaking jobs in order to give him time to study. She gets a job singing in a night club, but has to quit when the stork announces an imminent arrival. Her secret, being pregnant, helps her to make up her mind to go back home and leave John free to accept the offer of a professor who wants the promising student to work with him abroad.
1988 ::: "Film Banter" (2016) ::: Film Banter is a comedic film discussion and review talk show featuring co-hosts and creators Chris Pickhardt and Daryl K. Smith. Through in-depth critique and discussion, Chris and Daryl share their opinions and keen insight into the latest Hollywood releases, as well as international film and the classics we all love. Film Banter is broadcast live every Tuesday night at 7:30 pm on a streaming platform called "Meet and Greet Live" and then edited and uploaded to YouTube for a wider audience.
1989 ::: Splitting Heirs (1993) ::: A member of the English upper class dies, leaving his estate and his business to an American, whom he thinks is his son who was lost as a baby and then found again. An Englishman who thinks he is an Indian comes to believe that he is actually the heir. He comes to hate the American who is his boss, his friend, and the man who has stolen the woman after whom he lusts.
1990 ::: Aarohi Gosht Tighanchi (2012) ::: Bhargavi is a lovable daughter of Mandar and Sneha . Mandar is a software engineer and very well settled in his IT job while Sneha is a dedicated housewife. Three of them are living a very happy family life.Bhargavi,a talented child artist, wins a singing competition of a renowned television channel. And becomes the darling of the media. Mandar,a practical person by nature sees the opportunity created by this new found fame and encourages Bhargavi to go for it. Bhargavi becomes a little shining star of the city. Sneha,who is more grounded, always tries to make sure that Bhargavi isn't driven away by this success.When everything is going well,all of a sudden two calamities strike.. Firstly, a recession wave strikes the software industry very badly and Mandar's company gets badly affected by it and the secondly, one day Bhargavi collapses during the recording of her music album. She is immediately taken to the hospital and she is diagnosed with Hemiplegia , a form of a paralysis and the doctor diagnoses that the left side of her body is affected deeply by it. But at the same time the doctor tells Mandar and Sneha that Hemiplegia is curable provided the patient gets the correct treatment and support from the family members. Now Mandar , Sneha and Bhargavi have a huge hurdle to overcome. Mandar is under a lot of stress due the practical problems in his career and this tension starts reflecting in his behavior ....unfortunately this is the time for Bhargavi to get the complete support of Mandar and Sneha.
1991 ::: Flavor of the Month (2006) ::: Girls and ice cream, they go hand in hand, and hand to mouth, sweet and creamy, melting when things get hot. The movie presents the different flavors of ice cream, and girls.
1992 ::: Caballos (2015) ::: Caballos talks about marginal characters, virtually none will assists. Scenarios decadent, full of the weariness and boredom are the days that we played in luck. This work aims to delve into the contradictions of a society: immobility, loss of illusion, the collapse of the Revolution program. Cuban Film productions in recent years have been characterized mostly by a formal and thematic lightness, seeking to establish a clearly visible manner 'here and now.' Underestimates the average viewer with narrative entertainment facility that most elementary aspire. Disbelieve the claims of aesthetic styles and trends to contemporary cinema. He denies that which is different from the canon and official discourse. We need an auteur cinema, lack the voice generational dialogue with oxygenated and art that does not represent us. There are few spaces that support the production of new filmmakers. Caballos tries to reflect from the provocation. Its greatest strength lies in the exploration of form and expression. The function of art will always be destabilizing, but with an artistic arsenal. I think this film could be a revealing document of our time. Only then will we know why a horse is a beautiful spectacle. Fabián Suárez
1993 ::: La loi des rues (1956) ::: A juvenile delinquent ,escaped from reformatory ,meets the manager of a seedy cafe who regards him soon as his son.In a ball,he meets Wanda he falls in love with ;the girl is pregnant by him and he seems on the right track again.But poverty , unemployment, a friend's accident and the child soon to come put obstacles in the way of an honest life.He has to struggle against shady solicitations .His false identity does not help..
1994 ::: "There's Something About Megan" (2017) ::: Reality series following TOWIE's Megan McKenna as she tries to realise her ambitions to become a pop singer. She travels to Nashville, and searches for gigs, but is struck down with bronchitis. She is able to find an accompanist and meets songwriter Beth Nielsen Chapman after performing her own original song.
1995 ::: The Interrogation (1998) ::: A buxom brunette is tied up and subjected to an intense interrogation. Her inquisitor wants to know the details of her banking business but the victim refuses to crack. The inquisitor resorts to tight ropes and mouth-stuffing gags in order to make the doughty female answer questions, but its soon apparent that the inquisitor is more interested in bondage than answers.
1996 ::: L'absence (2009/II) ::: Adama Diop is a successful scientist, living in Paris. After 15 years away, he travels to his hometown in Senegal to visit his aged grandmother and his semi-deaf mute sister Aicha. Aicha is still traumatized about their mother's death, who died as she was giving birth to her. But the true extent of Aicha's mental state only becomes apparent when Adama discovers she is working as a prostitute, amidst a seedy underworld of gangsters, drugs and crime. Adama's discovery leads to a gripping thriller as he struggles to free Aicha from the sinister world into which she has descended.
1997 ::: Blood Circus (2017) ::: Sean "THE KILLIN'" Dillon was on top of the world. Having become a decorated MMA champion, young Father and husband to a beautiful wife, the now retired fighter has hit the bottom. Having squandered his savings, suffered the loss of family through divorce, and perhaps worst of all, his self-respect. Although Sherry still loves Sean, she still believes that she and their son Mikey, are better off without him. Working at her Father's bar, she makes due. It's a hard, and difficult life, but at least she's happy. Sean is still around, a frequent patron, but not much exists between them now. One night at the bar, Sean starts a brawl, causing damage to the bar and hospitalizing the other patrons. Jake, a local detective and a close friend, arrives on the scene and threatens to arrest Sean unless he promises to turn his life around. A witness to the brawl, Deke, a recruiter for the Blood Circus, (a mysterious and brutal fight club), approaches Sean with an offer; to join the club in which Sean could win "big time money" with his precise skill. Deke explains that the combatants fight MMA-style, in an undisclosed location. Everything about Deke's proposition feels suspect, but Sean knows it's an offer he can't refuse. After agreeing to fight, Sean realizes that in this winner-take-all tournament - there is one rule, kill or be killed. Sean is then blackmailed by Santos, (the ringleader of the Blood Circus), who threatens to disclose footage of Sean's "murders" to the web, unless he continues to fight. Upping the ante, Santos then kidnaps and threatens to kill Mikey. With Mikey's life at stake, and time running out, will Sean be able to rescue his son and save himself? Or will the Blood Circus simply claim more victims and move on to the next town?
1998 ::: Gangsta Brown Master of the Game (2016) ::: This DVD consists of 22 fictional characters including Mr. White Folks, Gangsta Brown, '78 Fleetwood Brougham, Walt Dog, The Barber, Stretch, Pretty Boy Slim, International Black, Tax Free, Kelsey, Fillmore Slim, Kenny Red, Mistah F.A.B., Suga Free, Prince Diamond, Black, Alex The Pimp, California Pimpin' Ken, Virgil, Lil G, Pimpin' Ken, and Goldie. These characters speak about the 101 rules of "The Game", and reveal real life street Game. It may be boring to those without patience who are unwilling to listen to the rules that could help them maintain their freedom. To understand the Game, you have to want to know the Game. This story explains why they call Gangsta Brown "The Master of the Game", and makes it evident that you must learn your craft and be the best at it.
1999 ::: Treasure of the Golden Condor (1953) ::: Jean-Paul rebels against his bondage to his uncle, the Marquis de St. Malo, and journeys to the far-off Mayan hills of Guatemala seeking a hidden treasure. He is the rightful heir to his uncle's title and lands, and goes to Guatemala to win his fortune and come back and claim his heritage.
2000 ::: Ian's Eyes (2016) ::: Being blind, Ian has always relied on North, his faithful seeing eye dog, to guide him. But not everything is as it seems at Blue Norholm, his new school in a small town in the northern US. It won't take long until Ian's blindness will be the least of North's problems when the school is overcome with a ghoulish virus that takes over everyone in the school. You play as North, Ian's guide dog, as you use stealth, misdirection, and guile to avoid the zombie-like students and faculty as you try to escape the now quarantined school.
2001 ::: Lobi Singi (2015) ::: A coming of age story centered around a young guy of Dutch-Surinamese decent. We follow him on his quest to find the ultimate love which eventually leads all the way to Surinam where he finds a love far greater than solely his object-of-affection.
2002 ::: Genji: Kamui sôran (2006) ::: It's been three years since Yoshitune Minamoto and Benkei Musashibo, warriors of the Genji Clan, defeated the Heishi Clan in a war over the "Amahagane". The Amahagane are sacred jewels which grant the owners godlike powers, such as Kamui. Now, rumors are spreading of new, ungodly creatures fighting with Heishi warriors, even without the powers of Amahagane. Yoshitsune and his companions must draw their weapons again, and with the new strength given to them by the Amahagane, defeat the new evil to save all of Japan.
2003 ::: Buddhistische Stille (2008) ::: His Holiness the Dalai Lama is one of the leading figures of our world concerning ethics and religion. What is the reason behind his popularity? Is it a warm-hearted personality? Or do people long for what His Holiness has to say, long for Buddhist wisdom? How do Europeans live in their everyday life, what the Dalai Lama teaches? The film alternately shows long shots of people meditating and interviews. Thus, spectators are invited to share the quiet of meditation as well as are informed of what meditation means for practitioners. Protagonists are revered Buddhist teachers and "normal" practitioners from German speaking countries.
2004 ::: America Needs a Racial Facial (2016) ::: America Needs a Racial Facial is a short, 8 minute film about race in America. It provides a blur of fascinating images and video - historical and contemporary - depicting both the division and blending that has characterized the history and treatment of people of color in this country. Beginning with this country's history of slavery and discrimination against African Americans, eradication and colonization of Native Americans, exclusion of Asian Americans and exploitation of Mexican and Latin Americans, Racial Facial depicts a visual panorama which encompasses the history of oppression and discrimination that has led to continuation of tension, unrest and anger among all Americans.
2005 ::: Bava Bava Panneeru (1989) ::: Kota Srinivasa Rao is a wealthy man, with poor relatives waiting for him to die so that they can get their hands on his money. Kota wants to get married so that he can leave his health to an heir. However his relatives hamper all his efforts to get married. He decides to evade them by leaving his home and moving to another place. He also adopts a young girl Chandraprabha (Rupa Kala), with the intention of marrying her when she grows up. He installs her in a home with 2 servants as caretakers. Ramesh (Naresh) is under pressure from his parents pressurizing him to marry girls from their respective families. Tired of their matchmaking he moves to the town where the heroine stays. Kota tells heroine that she will be married without telling her that he would be the groom. He tells heroine that the man who comes to her house on a specific day will be her husband, and Ramesh comes there by mistake. They both fall for each other. Kota is Ramesh's father's friend - and Ramesh tells him about his lady love. Kota puts two and two together and realizes that the girl is none other than Chandraprabha. He imprisons her in his house and fixes her marriage to him (Kota) for the next day. She runs away and reaches the temple. By then Ramesh realizes that Kota is the older man behind his lady love. Hero and heroine meet in the temple. Ridiculed by family and servants Kota realizes the folly of his ways and decides to leave all his wealth to Chandraprabha rather than to his greedy relatives. Kota wants her to call him bava rather than babai (uncle), and that forms the title.
2006 ::: Making History Live (2008) ::: What makes history come alive? Take a behind-the-scenes look at how historical African American portrayals are created for Colonial Williamsburg's Historic Area. From research through performance,experienced museum interpreters share their techniques for bringing the past to life.
2007 ::: Reverse Affect (????) ::: A man mysteriously finds himself for months constantly present for serious accidents and other tragedies where he must act as first-responder, saving many lives/resolving incidents and even starts to believe he may be becoming some sort of super hero, only to find that somehow HE is the one who has been inadvertently causing the accidents all along. But he's stubborn to believe he is the cause and continues business as usual to avoid exiling himself, which is the only way to keep the world safe from HIM.
2008 ::: Relativity (2002) ::: Everything is relative - especially the truth! Impulsive seven-year-old Cielle bursts in on her Mother, Marcia, as she is having sex with new boyfriend, Frank. One funny, shocking incident, which we see from their three different points of view. But which, if any, is the truth? A dark, comic, quirky take on modern family life which also explores the relative nature of truth.
2009 ::: Rudy Connelly Calls the Shots (2013) ::: Wiley seventeen-year-old filmmaker, Rudy Connelly (Davis McGinn), never imagined the wild week he and his friends would have when their tyrannical boss, Mr. Buyers (Bob Saberhagen), hires them to videotape his beloved daughter's wedding. Rudy, discovering that the wedding is to be held at a spooky gothic cathedral, capitalizes on the situation and attempts to shoot a portion of his superhero blockbuster "The Wedding of Knightbird" at the same time. Mayhem ensues when Rudy's plans go amuck and he is forced to ensure that both shows go to plan without attracting undue attention from his parents, Mr. Buyers or the ever vigilant, and utterly evil, school principal Mr. Slade.
2010 ::: Othello (????/III) ::: Shakespeare's play set in Brooklyn, 2016, retaining the original dialogue. In the midst of an NYPD anti-human trafficking operation, surveillance specialist Iago manipulates black commanding officer Othello to suspect his wife of infidelity.
2011 ::: Lâ'l (????) ::: Aras, the popular kid of the college, captain of the basketball team and is a successful law student. After a end of the game, he "accidently" met Fashion Design student Damla and feed the emotions that he's stranger with. Aras, tries to fix the incident that he caused and he fixed it - But there is some problem he doesn't know: Damla is the girlfriend of Aras' teammate, Ege for twelve years. Nevertheless, their share increased, they like each other, everything is like at the fairytales until one day, Ege oaths for a revenge.
2012 ::: Surya (2007) ::: Once upon a journey, ten contemporary storytellers of different cultures create an imaginary epic story. They each draw on their own style and own language to prolong the life of a nameless hero. The aromas of cultures, the taste of words and the perfume of travelling carry us from one storyteller to the next. Like an epic story, this film oscillates between imagination and reality, the inner world and the outside world, documentary and fiction. An ode to orality. This impressionistic film is the outcome of an overland odyssey by public transport from dusk to dawn, through Europe and Asia (Belgium, Slovakia, Turkey, Syria, Kurdistan, Iran, Pakistan, India, Nepal, Tibet, China, Vietnam). An audio-visual performance where imagination and creativity travel across borders.
2013 ::: Harlem Rides the Range (1939) ::: Bradley is after Dennison's radium mine and it appears that his henchman Conners has killed him. When Blake arrives at Dennison's, Bradley and Conners arrive at the same time. When Blake leaves he drops a glove. Bradley kills Conners and uses the glove to frame Blake. Learning of Bradley's plan to kill Dennison's daughter, Blake escapes jail and sets out to reach her first.
2014 ::: Gloria mundi (1976) ::: Hamdias, a producer, has just started a movie whose main theme is torture. But filming is soon interrupted first because of a lack of capital but mainly because Hamdias is killed in tragic circumstances. After a while, Gaila, his friend and also the main actress of his film, sets about continuing his work...
2015 ::: Wolf Tracer's Dinosaur Island (2004) ::: Deep sea fishing expedition comes to a halt when a freak storm appears and passengers are washed ashore. Youngsters help the survivors avoid endless hazards and the evil island leader while they try to escape being devoured by the rampaging ravenous carnivores of Dinosaur Island.
2016 ::: Feng qi yun yong dou kuang lung (1976) ::: A wealthy merchant hires the services of several top martial artists to escort a consignment of treasure out of the province The escort is constantly attacked and finally the mission is brought to an abrupt halt when a masked fighter wants to expose a heinous plot.
2017 ::: "The Keepers" (????) ::: In 1955, a government experiment was designed to create super-humans by greatly enhancing the five senses. After it went terribly wrong, all of the subjects disappeared. Assumed dead, the program was shut down. Years later, evidence of Super-humans started to appear again and, more alarming, new and more dangerous villains. In 2000, The Hive was started to investigate and assess potential "super activity", try to find/recruit super-humans and do daily battle with the growing number of villains in the city. Now it's 2014 and Agents Adams and Stephens, longtime friends and partners, have put in many years at The Hive. They desire to move up into the super specialized "Yellow Sector", who deal directly with Super-humans and Villains on a day to day basis. After serendipitously stumbling upon a mysterious recluse who may be the key to their promotion, they find themselves in a race against time, with their reputations, their jobs, and even their lives on the line.
2018 ::: Echoes from Chernobyl (2011) ::: It was the worst nuclear disaster in history and it took place in a small town in Ukraine called Chernobyl. The area surrounding the town has been sealed for 25 years. Join us as we walk through fields of the exclusion zone, explore the abandoned town of Pripyat and meet the people that live illegally inside the radioactive sector. Discover one of a kind interviews with operators, liquidator and safety inspectors as we give you the complete picture that the government doesn't want you to see. Experience rare historic footage of the disaster just discovered in Ukrainian archives and walk within four-hundred meters of one of the most dangerous buildings on earth. This is the story of Chernobyl that you haven't heard before.
2019 ::: Not Me, Murphy (2013/I) ::: According to the project's Kickstarter, Not Me, Murphy tells the "simple" story of a man with dissociative identity disorder. It's part spiritual journey and part case study, narrated by Murphy's care-taking girlfriend Lynn. After a visit from her odd-ball mother, Lynn leaves Murphy, prompting him to take to the country with Brad, a mutual friend. Out in nature, surrounded by gun enthusiasts, their awkward-charming journey takes an unexpected turn. It's thrilling to study the very unwell mind, and to imagine its heights and depths without having to experience it first-hand. Dissociative identity disorder, perhaps better known as having a split personality, is frequently adapted to the screen [Shutter Island, Psycho, Fight Club] because it provides one of the rare occasions when mainstream audiences will stomach experimental technique. Cinematographers and colorists can paint mind-bending hallucinations, actors can play dueling personalities within the same body, and directors can build complicated stories without fear of losing their audience. Tamed by Hollywood conventions, we're ready to roll with the weirdness that comes our way. And Jason Yamas delivers. Until the final twist, Jason Yamas doesn't break his contract with his audience: we're treated to a harrowing but somewhat straight-forward tale of madness, while Yamas, his cast and his crew are free to play with the film's formal aspects. Shot on popular amatuer medium Super VHS, Not Me, Murphy's sharply defined outlined objects and spaces are filled in with milky shadows and grainy color. The light is pinkish when warm, colorless when cool. The cuts are jumpy and disorienting. We are watching some other family's home movies, edited together with an avant-garde sensibility. Sound, meanwhile, alternatively highlights plot points or overwhelms us with information. We overhear improvised conversation often vulgar, repetitive, or incomprehensible. It's a schizophrenic approach often seen from Harmony Korine and his ilk. Because these techniques give so much over to chance, the characters feel as immediate and as inscrutable as the people we encounter in real life. It makes their violent outbursts of compassion and sex all the more surprising, and pleasurable.
2020 ::: "Comment devenir une légende" (2016) ::: Fils et petit-fils de véritables héros légendaires, Mat veut absolument marquer l'histoire ŕ son tour. Il ręve d'ętre ŕ la tęte des armées du roi et, pour commencer son ascension, il se porte candidat comme chef - de sa classe. S'il réussit ŕ faire preuve de leadership pendant un an, son pčre lui offrira un poste clé. Ayant pour camarades un barbare chanteur-danseur, Ti-Gilles, une elfe, Aly, une princesse trop princesse, Princesse Deux, et Charles-Henry, un noble vantard, Mat tentera de secouer cette joyeuse bande hétéroclite qui aime particuličrement flâner sur la Grand-Place.
2021 ::: This Joint Is Jumpin' (2000) ::: This two-hour documentary traces the history of swing, from its first emergence in the 1920s to its current revival across the United States, Canada and Europe. "This Joint Is Jumpin'" takes you back to a time when zoot suit-clad hepcats hit the dance floor with dolls in full-skirted dresses and seamed stockings. All troubles were forgotten to the hip sounds of Duke Ellington, Count Basie, Benny Goodman and Glenn Miller. You'll also hear how the original swing bands influenced current groups like the Brian Setzer Orchestra and Big Bad VooDoo Daddy. So put on your dancing shoes and hit the floor because..."This Joint Is Jumpin'"!
2022 ::: The White Room (1989) ::: The Justified Ancients of Mu Mu, King Boy D and Rockman Rock, try to find and gain access to the mystical White Room. They leave a party at their house and drive in their 1968 US Cop Car through night-time London and the dusty plains of the Sierra Nevada region of Spain. There they face judgement: will they be allowed to enter the White Room? Meanwhile their lawyer David Franks tries to find a loophole to free them from their contract with Eternity.
2023 ::: Tugumi (1990) ::: Tugumi, who lives in a small seaside town, has been in delicate health from birth. Her parents spoiled her and she is rough and selfish. However, a few people are attracted by her beauty and unique character. In this summer, Tugumi loves Kyoichi Takahashi, who works in the art gallery of the town. One of Tugumi's old boy friends, the leader of bad boys, attacks Kyoichi and kills Tugumi's pet dog from jealousy. Tugumi plans revenge.
2024 ::: Zindagi Ek Juaa (1992) ::: After saving the life of his employer, Jagjit Singh alias JJ (Anupam Kher), Harikishan (Anil Kapoor) is promoted with a wage increase that he had only dreamt of. Anxious to please his employer Harikishan agrees to have his name changed to Harry, and does anything that he is instructed to do. Soon Harry realises that he has been aiding his employer in illegal activities. When he tries to break away, he is told that his mom (Asha Sharma) is and will be held captive to guarantee his cooperation. Harry must now come up with a scheme that will guarantee his safety as well as the freedom of his mom, and at the same time save himself from being arrested by the police.
2025 ::: Dos noches (1996) ::: A young man is caught in the routine of a night that has lasted years. His relationship with his mother (cold, unhealthy) and alienating work developed during the early morning disrupted the sound of his night actually. The chance you will share in the misfortune of others: a stranger has killed two common criminals. It will be your chance to take a step forward - The night ends.
2026 ::: We'll Let You Know (2015) ::: Johnny has a great family, loving girlfriend and a promising job. Johnny is also a dreamer. He dreams of becoming an actor one day. One night at work, Johnny finds an ad inside the paper about an acting class. The ad says that anyone who joins the class has a chance to meet directors and agents. Johnny cannot resist and enrolls in the class, much to the fear of his girlfriend, Sarah. As Johnny continues his class, he befriends an attractive girl named Eliza. As they become scene partners, Johnny is invited by Eliza's friend Jennifer to rehearse over at her house. However, Johnny will find out that there is more to this invitation than meets the eye and will soon discover that not all is as it seems. Now, torn between the life he knows and the life he wants, Johnny must make a choice that could alter his and everyone's future forever!
2027 ::: "The Channel X News Team & The Battle for the Future" (2009) ::: During a string of wild dog attacks throughout the city of Philadelphia, Tim begins to suspect that he is being stalked by a bloodthirsty werewolf. Of course, this means that Tim and Galanti decide to risk Tim's life for their own personal gain.
2028 ::: Gulabi Raaten (1990) ::: Sexy Advocate Sheela Mathur lives a wealthy lifestyle with her brother and his wife in India. One day while at the Blue Diamond Restaurant, she witnesses a man beating up three others, including the son of the local I.G. of Police. She intervenes, but is shoved aside. When the police arrive, she identifies the culprit, and has him arrested. Subsequently she finds out that the culprit's name is Vijay and he is not only of good character but was also assisting a young woman who had been sexually molested by the three men. Guilt-ridden, she withdraws her identification, bails out Vijay, and after a series of misunderstandings, both of them fall in love with each other, much to the chagrin of Sheela's lover and ex-husband, Vasu (aka King Cobra). Vasu has her stalked and photographed in a intimate photo with Vijay, blackmails, and even attempts to molest her, but is stopped by Vijay. This was Vijay and Sheela's last meeting. Years later they will meet again - this time Sheela will be a Judge and Vijay will be a man who has been accused of killing Vasu. Watch what happens during the trial and the impact Vijay's presence has on Sheela.
2029 ::: The Kingham Hill Project (2011) ::: There are 8 chapters addressing, in episodic style, forming a unique glimpse into the minds of teenagers. In "Intruder" a young refugee seeks shelter in a chapel, only to find that the residents there are not so keen on behaving in a Christian manner. In "The Inspector", a two-bit detective tries, with limited success, to piece together the last living moments of a drunk young girl on a rooftop. In "Ciao Bella", a psychotic killer upsets the balance of a group of friends, in order to satisfy her lust for power. "Concealed" documents the trials and tribulations of a group of partying teenagers, on the morning after, having discovered one of their number is dead. "Inbetween" is a disturbing tale of a controlling spirit who abducts a disparate group of teenagers. They are powerless to prevent any of his actions. "Within" follows a pivotal day in the life of a young man who suffers from a multiple personality disorder, an inner demon, struggling to be free. "The Fourth Dimension" is an exploration of an entrapping world of maze-like corridors and doors, where friends turn against each other in the fight for freedom. "" tracks the progress of a young health visitor as she makes her rounds. "It Is Written" is a dark tale about a writer who stops writing horror stories because he believes they will come true. "Blood Games" is about a group of people who wake up to find themselves in a strange place, with a gun and a mission- to be the last one standing.
2030 ::: Point of Deception (2014) ::: When a domestic terrorist group lead by Brian Evert (Brent Gorsage) begins attacking multiple cities at once, a specially tasked FBI unit will turn to an incarcerated ex federal agent to stop them. Nick Walters (T.J. Wolf) will have to put aside his hatred for the politicians who put him in prison to cover themselves in order to stop this new threat. With the help of two FBI agents: his ex-fiancée Laura Young (Christene Hellmich) and her partner Ryan Llyod (Jason Mitchell), Nick must infiltrate with CIA agent Riley Kyles (Anastasiya Jayleen) the same terrorist group that he fought three years ago in order to take them down.
2031 ::: Tommy Chong Presents Comedy at 420 (2013) ::: Grammy Award winning comedian Tommy Chong is legendary for his invaluable contribution to American counter-culture as part of the iconic comedy duo Cheech & Chong. Tommy Chong presents Comedy@420 showcasing some of his favorite 420 comedians including: Edwin San Juan, Chris Porter, Jay Phillips and Eddie Ifft.
2032 ::: Born in China (2016) ::: Narrated by John Krasinski ("13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi," NBC's "The Office," "Amazon's "Jack Ryan"), Disneynature's new True Life Adventure film "Born In China" takes an epic journey into the wilds of China where few people have ever ventured. Following the stories of three animal families, the film transports audiences to some of the most extreme environments on Earth to witness some of the most intimate moments ever captured in a nature film. A doting panda mother guides her growing baby as she begins to explore and seek independence. A two-year-old golden snub-nosed monkey who feels displaced by his new baby sister joins up with a group of free-spirited outcasts. And a mother snow leopard-an elusive animal rarely caught on camera-faces the very real drama of raising her two cubs in one of the harshest and most unforgiving environments on the planet. Featuring stunning, never-before-seen imagery, the film navigates China's vast terrain-from the frigid mountains to the heart of the bamboo forest-on the wings of red-crowned cranes, seamlessly tying the extraordinary tales together.
2033 ::: "Original Drama Shorts" (2014) ::: In just a few hours school will be out, forever... Corridors and classrooms lie abandoned. The playground has an apocalyptic air. Pupils loiter as spectators, because among the ruins of a once passable educational institution, a duel is taking place. Two teachers, now combatants, mortal foes, see out the end of an era with a game of tag. Buffed up PE teacher Lee has a cohort of teenagers to help him outwit nerdy science teacher Sarah. She has nobody to help her until weedy schoolkid Deks steps in and concocts a plan to help her outflank Lee. In this action-comedy short the most mundane of playground games becomes a gigantic battle of wills, a modern-day spaghetti western, and an elegiac closing ceremony for a school lost to recession.
2034 ::: Touched by Auschwitz (2015) ::: This feature-length documentary attempts to answer one of the most profound questions of the Holocaust - what was the human legacy of the crime? Producer and director Laurence Rees (The Nazis: A Warning from History, Auschwitz: The Nazis and The Final Solution) has travelled extensively in order to film six Auschwitz survivors along with their friends and families. Together, these sequences filmed in Jerusalem, Chicago, London, Bavaria, Krakow and Tel Aviv build into a compelling portrait of the problems, challenges and triumphs that six different individuals have experienced since the war as a result of their time in Auschwitz.
2035 ::: "The Trials of Apollo" (2016) ::: How do you punish a god? By making him human. After angering his father Zeus, the god Apollo is cast down from Olympus. Weak and disoriented, he lands in New York City as a regular teenage boy. Now, without his godly powers, the four-thousand-year-old deity must learn to survive in the modern world until he can somehow find a way to regain Zeus's favor. But Apollo has many enemies-gods, monsters, and mortals who would love to see the former Olympian permanently destroyed. Apollo needs help, and he can think of only one place to go . . . an enclave of modern demigods known as Camp Half-Blood.
2036 ::: Between the Miles (2015) ::: After taking three homeless students off the streets of LA and into her care, a young music teacher must overcome her reckless tendencies when she is evicted, and forced to survive. Flora Simmons, a young musician, escapes a haunting past. Her life scars are not evidence of Imperfection; they are evidence of healing. She's been living in Los Angeles for a year. She can barely pay rent, barely keep a job, or any sustainable relationship. She is nowhere near making her music dreams come alive. We meet Flora at her lowest point. Despite the troubles she faces, she remains youthful. Perhaps, even a bit too much at times. She reluctantly takes a job as a guitar teacher through a foster center. Flora meets Shard, Chris and Jamal, three rambunctious foster teens who remind her so much of herself. As much trouble as they give her, Flora can't help but connect with them. Flora is happy for the first time and realizes they need her as much as she needs them. With the economic situation, this foster home is abruptly shut down due to a lack of funding. The center is closed and classes are canceled. Several of the youth are picked up by their social workers, some return to juvenile hall, others escape and go AWOL. Shard, Chris and Jamal make a break for the streets and run away. Flora finds herself without a job and disappointed with life once again. Flora roams the streets and bumps into the boys at a park. She uses her last pay check to treat the boys to a day of fun. As the boys become attached to Flora, she realizes she has to be stronger so she can care for them. She takes them in, feeds them, clothes them, and shelters them in her apartment. Flora gets an eviction notice and finds herself homeless with the teens. The tables turn. The boys now get to teach her how to survive on the streets. They can hardly make ends meet and battle everyday with the basic necessities. As the situation gets worse, Flora realizes she can't care for them any longer. She is faced with the decision of turning the boys back in to a place they desperately don't want to be in so they can be better cared for.
2037 ::: Fly Like a Bumblebee (????) ::: In 1930's USA, a young boy (Roert Klamm) discovers that he can hardly see due to a genetic defect. After years of ridicule and fear because of his lack of vision, young Bobby Bill, as he was known, discovers a magical world which he is determined to master. Against his father's approval, Bobby Bill studies magic under Harry Otto, a professional magician and owner of the magic shoppe that young Klamm stumbled upon in his youth. Bobby Bill becomes a performer, despite the continued turmoil it causes himself and his father, Clarence. How can a nearly blind boy become a nearly blind and successful magician? Wait and see..
2038 ::: One Nation (2008) ::: This is the story of 1968 told in chronological order exclusively using footage and commentary from the year. The soundtrack consists of hits from the year as well lesser known songs from artists of the day. In looking at the unique events of that singular year in American history, a universal American narrative emerges. This film blends genres as it looks at power vs. protest, affluence vs. poverty, and the struggle for human rights vs. the tyranny of want and ignorance. These struggles continue.
2039 ::: Don't Count Me Out (2016) ::: In 2012, the Jennings School District was one of the lowest performing school districts in the state of Missouri. Eighty-five percent of students lived in poverty. Just fifty-seven percent of students were meeting state standards, and the district was dangerously close to a takeover by the state. To get back on track, the school board hired a new superintendent, Dr. Tiffany Anderson. With her positive attitude and her signature tennis shoes, Anderson launched remarkable initiatives to engage the community while tackling obstacles students face outside of school that affect how they perform in the classroom. Almost immediately, the school system improved. But when protests and riots erupted in the neighboring town of Ferguson after the shooting death of Michael Brown, all the progress Jennings was making seemed to be at risk.
2040 ::: The Curse of the Living Corpse (1964) ::: Rufus Sinclair was a cranky old millionaire with a terrible fear of being buried alive. After his apparent death, clauses in his will meant to prevent his being buried alive are violated by his uncaring family, and soon a masked figure begins prowling the family's Connecticut estate, slaughtering the family members one by one in a variety of separate, horrible ways. Rufus Sinclair dies leaving a will vowing to return from the grave and wreak terrible vengeance on his family if certain conditions surrounding his death and burial are not observed; for his long-suffering wife Abigail, he predicts death by fire; eldest son Bruce is promised a violent death by disfiguration; the next son, Philip is informed he will die by suffocation; and Philip's wife Vivian will drown. Several days after the reading of the will by family attorney James Benson, the body of Rufus vanishes from its crypt, and the chain of retribution prophesied by ol' Rufus begins.
2041 ::: 4 Men & Monica (2017) ::: Four men buy an 18 year old cab and travel around Europe in it. Follow the 4 hapless heroes as they attempt to complete their trip - the only thing that stands in their way is an 18 year old London taxi called Monica - she's falling to bits.
2042 ::: "The Blessed Ignorance of Men" (2015) ::: Colm (Luke McKenna) loses his job as an estate agent and is dumped by the girl of his dreams almost simultaneously. Stuck in a rut he jumps at the unlikely opportunity to enter the priesthood. Posted back in his home village Colm tries his best to be an upstanding member of the community, but is hampered on all sides by the antics of his eccentric friends and the advances of his now ex girlfriend Sally. Say a prayer for Colm...The path to enlightenment just became a much more difficult journey.
2043 ::: The Next Corner (1924) ::: While honeymooning in Paris Elsie is rescued from attentions of a man.Her hero is Don Arturo who takes her to Countess Longueval after her husband must go for work to Argentine.When her husband returns he is shocked how have Elsie change.Elsie goes to a party in Arturos hunting lodge,where he forces himself on her.Arturo is shot by a Stranger and Elsie confesses all to her forgiving husband.Juan Serafin is found shot.
2044 ::: Collide (2016/II) ::: Nicole has been haunted by the ghost of her brother since his death a few months past. The tragedy has torn her parents apart and left Nicole in the shadows to pick up the the pieces of her broken life. Thoughts of her brother persist and creep their way into her mind constantly. She sees him everywhere: late night drives, walking through her house, but most especially when she is alone. Can she confront her emotions and release the ghost of her brother? Or is she doomed to carry the burden of his death to her grave?
2045 ::: Get on Board: Freedom Ride 2004 (2008) ::: Ben Chaney was 11 when his brother James and two white civil rights workers from New York were murdered by a mob of Klansmen for registering Blacks voters in Mississippi in 1964. For 40 years the State failed to prosecute these killers even though they bragged openly about what they did. GET ON BOARD tells the story of Ben's quest for justice and his commitment to his brother's legacy. In 2004, to commemorate the 40th anniversary of his brother's death, Ben takes a group of young volunteers on a Freedom Bus Ride from New York to Mississippi to register voters, and in the process, teaches them the price of freedom, the importance of voting and how one person can make a difference. The film follows four Freedom Riders, two blacks and two whites, whose lives are forever changed by the experience.
2046 ::: C Street (2016) ::: C STREET is a comedy farce about a power hungry intern who pimps out his apartment to sex-starved politicians. Guy was on the fast track to power. All that changed one day when Guy found Haley, the object of his affections, waiting naked in his bed - for someone else. Unbeknownst to Guy, his slick Senator boss was using Guy's apartment to have an affair with Haley. Before Guy has a chance to express his true feelings, half of Washington shows up at Guy's apartment unannounced and looking for love. Guy will have to corral the libidinous lawmakers, and decide what's truly important if he's going to find redemption and win the girl of his dreams.
2047 ::: Emerald Run (2017) ::: A Desperate man gets involved in a risky plan to smuggle emeralds across the Mexican border in order to save his daughter's life. When the deal goes awry and he is left for dead, his survival becomes a search for meaning and enlightenment in a brutally harsh desert landscape.
2048 ::: Cloud Waltzing (1987) ::: Journalist Meredith Tolliver is sent to do a story on wealthy wine vineyard owner Francois De Paul. Francois is a mysterious, gentle man who never talks about his personal life and seems to be hiding a secret. Meredith is a woman determined to get a story on him like no one has ever written-including an in-depth story on his personal life. Meredith is determined to become a fantastic journalist, even if it's against her rich domineering fathers wishes. With Francois love, he'll help her overcome her own secret, and she'll help him overcome his.
2049 ::: "GOBLIN" (2017) ::: Kim Shin (Gong Yoo) is a goblin and protector of souls. He is the landlord of the grim reaper (Lee Dong-wook) who is in charge of taking deceased souls. Shin doesn't want immortality anymore but needs a human bride in order to end his long life. Meanwhile, Ji Eun-tak (Kim Go-eun) is a high school student who despite her painful reality, remains optimistic. She summons the goblin by chance and through various encounters, ends up falling in love with him. Sunny (Yoo In-na) is an owner of a chicken wing shop, a woman who is loved by all men and is also the reincarnation of the goblin's sister. These four people's lives change when they encounter and their lives become entangled.
2050 ::: Bad Boy & Iceman: A Closer Look (2004) ::: Chuck Liddell and Tito Ortiz are both Ultimate Fighting Champions. Both broke through the ranks from humble and troubled beginnings to become the most respected fighters in their class. This documentary follows their lives to the point where they finally face one another in the Octagon for one of the most anticipated fights in UFC history.
2051 ::: "Jul i Blodfjell" (2017) ::: An old man who owns a hotel, gathers his relatives to a Christmas evening where he tells them they will get his legacy when he passes away, if they stay until 24. December. However they think he does not own that much of value and they leave, until they find out that the old man owns a lot of money. So they stay. Then a murder takes place and they hide the body so that the old man does not call the police. And there is less money to share.
2052 ::: El entusiasmo (1998) ::: Chile 1980, under military dictatorship. Three young people meet, become friends, and together uphold the "Independent Republic." This is a utopian concept for a better world conceived by Guillermo, one of the three friends, as a reaction to the savage capitalism imposed by the dictatorship. The other two characters, Fernando and Isabel eventually marry. Al three characters' private lives and ideals begin to shift, and Fernando in particular prospers, spurred on by his "Enthusiasm." The ensuing story is the bulk of the plot. The development and outcome of Fernando's enthusiasm, and the impact of the human being's shifting goals and ideals all lead to the eventual conclusion of this Chilean/Spanish co-production.
2053 ::: History Quest (2011) ::: History Quest takes viewers and everyday Americans on a thrilling hunt through the storied past of America's great cities. Each week three teams of two will go head-to-head in a heart pounding one-day competition that will test their brains, their bodies, and the strength of their relationships.
2054 ::: DELTA STATE: Slipping Into the Future (2016) ::: While studying for his PhD presentation, computer genius Ian M. Foreman comes up with a revolutionary computer chip design that could change the world forever. Ian takes the night off to party. The next morning after suffering a migraine headache Ian wakes to find that world history is changing around him and he is the only one that notices. With the help of his nerdy roommate Samantha (Dorren Lee), Ian follows a trail of clues that leads him to the startling realization that the fate of humanity and the entire universe rests in his hands.
2055 ::: Early Winter (2015) ::: David, a man in his forties, lives a predictable life with his wife Maya and their two children. To please his wife with the latest gadgets, he works solitary shift work, days and nights, as a janitor in a retirement home. But when he begins to suspect that Maya is having an affair, he starts to lose ground, his past threatening to smash everything in his path. David, a man in his forties, lives a predictable life with his wife Maya and their two children. To please his wife with the latest gadgets, he works solitary shift work, days and nights, as a janitor in a retirement home. But when he begins to suspect that Maya is having an affair, he starts to lose ground, his past threatening to smash everything in his path.
2056 ::: Prem Geet (2016) ::: Prem and Geet meet each other on the way to Kagbeni. Geet escaped from home because of her grandmother's continuous insistence to marry. Prem was on the way due to his personal deeds, but he was too pressurized to marry. Both fakes their marriage to get rid of continuous insistence, but ultimately fall in love then after. But their fake marriage creates problems and ultimately they are separated from each other. Both try to convince their parents, but fails. What will happen next? Will Prem and Geet be together? Or choose the path no one wants?
2057 ::: Godal (1987) ::: Abd when searching in the ruins in his village finds an old jar beside a dead body. He decides to go to the city and sell the jar. His uncle who is worry about him gives him a dagger with an ancient pattern on it to protect him there. In the city they like the dagger more than the jar but Abd refuse to sell it so they steal the dagger from him. Now Abd with his cousin are after the dagger to find it and get it back.
2058 ::: Gunslinger (1956) ::: Oracle, Texas Marshal Scott Hood is murdered and his wife, Rose, takes his badge and sets out on a personal vendetta to find the killers. She'll have the badge two weeks, then the new marshal arrives to take over. Meanwhile, the unscrupulous Erica Page, the saloon-mistress, is busy buying up local property because she has a tip the railroad is going to make Oracle a depot stop. The cowardly mayor warns her that the railroad may not come to Oracle, but Erica already had that base covered, as after she makes payment on the land, she has her moronic henchman, Jake Hayes, murder the seller, take back the money, return it to her so she can buy some more land. Erica is a businesswoman who believes in a fast return on investment. But, in order to get away cleanly, if the railroad does not come through, she sends Jake out-of-state to Tombstone to hire a gunslinger to come kill Rose. He brings back a hired gun who falls in love with his intended target.
2059 ::: The Core (2005/I) ::: A personal first person account of how the famous Nobel prize winning physicist Niels Bohr (1885-1962) lost his innocence when experiencing how his formulas were the basis for the Atomic Bomb thrown on Hiroshima in 1945. Though never before seen personal footage from Bohr's Rolex camera, personal photos and beautiful shot 16mm footage from Copenhagen we hear Bohr tell the story of how he took the responsibility when realizing the consequences of his atomic knowledge. It is a close up account based exclusively on Bohr's own words. In the1920s Bohr came to realize that nothing is as it appears on the atomic level. This insight was the beginning of quantum physics and famous discussions with Albert Einstein. The Quantum States brought Bohr to reach for answers in the ancient Indian and Japanese traditions - On one hand gaining knowledge and wisdom on the other leaving death, destruction and desolation in Hiroshima in 1945. After the Second World War, Bohr pleaded for openness between East and West with President Roosevelt and Churchill.. He was not heard. Many experts agree that Bohr was 50 years ahead of his time.
2060 ::: The Blue Veil (1951) ::: Louise Mason is a young widow who fills her empty life with the task of becoming a children's nurse. As the years pass, and the widow tries to find her own place in life, her young charges, the children of various employers, grow and soon find themselves ready to face the world. When it seems that she will be alone, the nurse finds that her 'children' have ideas of their own in regards to helping their beloved mentor.
2061 ::: Mud Man (2016) ::: To escape his memories, a man disappears into the tropical vastness of the Florida Everglades with only his survival skills and a canoe full of supplies. Months later, still roaming the isolated interior, he witnesses a brutal murder. Tracking down the killer leads him to the hidden torture camp of two shrewd sociopaths and the terrible discovery that one of their abduction victims is still alive.
2062 ::: Ad-Vice for a Prophet (2005) ::: An anonymous narrator, alone in his apartment, cannot tell if his inner life is composed of memories of dreams or memories of reality. Using a mixture of super-8 Kodachrome and nostalgic 1980's advertisements, the film captures the way pop culture ephemera are repetitively imposed on us until we feel they are our creation.
2063 ::: "Explaining to an Alien" (2017) ::: Explaining to an Alien explores the relationship between a naive alien and two bumbling secret agents. When Blorg starts asking questions of the agents, their encounter quickly turns into an unpredictable and hilarious examination of such human customs as dating, drinking, celebrities, smoking and sex. Explaining to an Alien reflects on what we do as humans by asking the question why?
2064 ::: Broken Still One (2017) ::: We join Frans in (2010) in the shantytown Nagwa, Varanasi, India he's fighting for the caste less residents (Dalits) for over 30 years. Frans lives in very poor circumstances amongst them with limited resources; through his determination, humor and dedication he has accomplished a lot. He's given the Dalits homes, schooling, medical care and a voice. But still he's fighting for their recognition. Sixty-five years after Indian independence,research and reports show the Dalits constitute the largest number of people categorized as victims of discrimination and exploitation in any single nation one earth.
2065 ::: "Sudan's Forgotten Films" (2017) ::: Benjamin and Awad run Sudan's national film archive. The two men, who have worked together for more than 40 years, are devoted to protecting their country's visual memories. Home to some 13,000 films, the archive preserves pivotal moments of Sudan's turbulent history and is one of the largest in Africa. But the archive is in a fragile state. Following years of neglect and poor storage, many film reels are turning to dust in Sudan's unforgiving tropical climate. The two friends are determined to turn it around and embark on a mission to save the old films. Will they succeed in preserving Sudan's visual history for future generations before it's too late?
2066 ::: Shifting Gaze (2012) ::: Shifting Gaze is born out of the impulse to get close to the human behind the persona. The piece challenges self-expression and explores new forms of desire, breathing life into the medium and navigating on a new notion of choice, linked to desire and memory, choice being the present, memory representing the past and desire, the drive for a future. What we want (desire) is connected to or conflicting with what is expected from us (identity, memory), and choice is the act upon which we build ourselves. Underneath these mirrored imageries lie many stories about limits, freedom and self-perception: stories of the mind. A shifting gaze may allow us to interpret our interactions with others, from grasping cues to understanding other people's behavior toward us. Shifting Gaze is ultimately a piece about identity, making choices, a memory in act.
2067 ::: EuroAmerican (2004) ::: A mosaic of fiction, documentary, literature, memoir, philosophy, animation, and European Cinema - EuroAmerican is a short meditation on perceiving and cultivating a rich human life. This short film is told in segments: an Englishman's observations of the American predicament, a French exercise in perception inspired by George Perec, a young American male's facination over women, two destined lovers isolated from one another by their Apartments, a Dziga Vertov-influenced City Symphony of Wichita, Kansas, and a final Kieslowskian composition which ties the whole together. The film seeks to prod its audience into questioning its own sense of perception. We perceive, but do we see? Has the American lifestyle led to a dullness of sense? As Americans, do we fail to explore the richness of a world at our fingertips, preferring to concentrate on a future utopia we are perpetually building?
2068 ::: "Zona" (2006) ::: A prison in rural Russia is the setting for this grim tale. Dennis Warren, an artist, is thrown in jail despite his innocence. He is wrongly accused of raping a woman, and his only way out is to pay off the warden and the prosecutor. The deep roots of corruption in Russian society collide with American idealism.
2069 ::: TV One Night Only: Live from the Essence Music Festival (2011) ::: A music special showcasing the nation's largest African-American music festival located in New Orleans. Featuring behind-the-scenes footage and performances by Mary J. Blige, Jill Scott, Trey Songz, Charlie Wilson, Jennifer Hudson, New Edition, Usher, Fantasia, Ledisi, Kem, and El DeBarge.
2070 ::: Persephone (2008) ::: Persephone was the daughter of Demeter, the goddess of fertility and abundance. She was kidnapped by Hades, the god of the dead and taken into the underworld. She could only return to the land of the living if she did not eat any of the food of the dead, however she ate six seeds from a pomegranate. As a result she divides her time between the land of the living and the world of the dead.
2071 ::: Captain Abu Raed (2008) ::: Abu Raed is an old airport janitor who has always yearned of seeing the world but has never been able to afford to travel. One day a group of children in his poor neighborhood assume he is a pilot and beg him to share stories of the world outside of Amman, Jordan. Through imaginary tales a friendship forms and he finds the grim realities of the children's home life. He takes it upon himself to make a difference.
2072 ::: Chiayi Symphony (2004) ::: The film is a sort of symphony of sounds and images which rises up from the Taiwenese mountains and flows down the paddy fields streams of water, to reach the Chinese sea, gathering landscape memories along its path, people's movements, songs and most of all, tracking the ineluctability of everything; the eternal typhoon cycle, approaching as Taiwaneses switch on ventilators and disappearing as soon as they switch them off; chickens, geese and pigs cooked, eaten, digested and evacuated; adults and children, games and work; city traffic, markets and hawkers, tv-zapping, puppets and flute lessons.
2073 ::: Fatal Deception: Mrs. Lee Harvey Oswald (1993) ::: The story of the widow of Lee Harvey Oswald, the man accused of shooting President Kennedy. Via flashbacks, the story traces the woman's life from her days in Russia, the turmoil following the assassination, raising her family, and coming to grips with the fact that she too may have been a pawn in a grand conspiracy.
2074 ::: A Few Things About Robert Irwin (2017) ::: For over six decades, Robert Irwin has explored perception as the fundamental issue of art. A pioneer of the "Light and Space" movement in the 1960s Irwin regards the role of art as conditional, responding directly to the site. This film captures his life and work in seven minutes.
2075 ::: Electric Shadows (2004) ::: This documentary shows why the asian cinema is so popular around the globe and why fans, critics, stars and hollywood studios arelooking at Hong Kong, where entertainment is best. Covering it's mind blowing action, emotional plots, superb performances, razor sharp editing, brilliant film music, beautiful camerawork and often extravagant sets and costumes. A documentary which is as exciting as the genre itself.
2076 ::: Shadey (1985) ::: A young man discovers that not only does he have the ability to read minds, but that if he holds a camera next to his head he can transmit the thoughts he sees onto film. He strikes a deal with a wealthy businessman to use his powers but with two conditions: one is that he'll make enough money for a sex-change operation, and the other is that under no circumstances are his powers to be used for military purposes. Things don't work out quite the way he planned.
2077 ::: Cheeks 5: Cop a Feel (1991) ::: A woman wakes up from a nightmare about her wedding to discover that she is late for her wedding. Through a comedy of errors the wedding never gets off the ground. When the couple meet up in the end they go straight to the "Honeymoon".
2078 ::: The Ends of the Earth (1982) ::: The saga of the Perez family and how its political wheeling and dealing has affected Plaquemines Parish. Included are interviews with Judge Leander Perez, whose total control of the parish verged on the legendary. Clips of Leander Perez, Jr. and Chalin Perez are also presented, as are interviews with voters and prominent residents of the parish. The documentary, which reveals how poverty existed alongside wealth in a state stricken with political tyranny, describes what happened to a forgotten parish rocked by the discovery of oil in 1933.
2079 ::: Sortie 234 (1988) ::: Sortie 234 met en scčne la passion qu'éprouve Renaud pour Frank. Une passion qui arrive ŕ son point d'éclatement. Mais entre ces deux pôles d'attraction, il y a Lucille, l'amour de Frank. Lucille de qui Renaud essaie de se rapprocher. Lucille qui devient le trait d'union entre les deux hommes. 'Sortie 234' constitue une trajectoire, des ętres ŕ la fois semblables et différents vont tenter sinon de se joindre, au moins de se rejoindre et de se comprendre. On ne sait jamais ce qui peut changer la vie.
2080 ::: Unconquering the Last Frontier (2000) ::: Unconquering the Last Frontier chronicles the historic saga of the damming and undamming of Washington's Elwha River. Set against the dramatic backdrop of the ongoing salmon crisis in the Pacific Northwest, the film tells the story of the Lower Elwha Klallam Tribe's struggle to survive in the shadow of hydropower development.
2081 ::: Dear Walt (2016) ::: If there is an intersection where happily simple meets unfortunate circumstance, Walt would be standing smack dab in the middle. This is a story of addiction, adoption, death, divorce and poverty. Yet, through it all, you'd never meet a gentler, kinder, happier soul.
2082 ::: Desamores (2004) ::: There has been a grave massacre within a highly successful insurance company in Puerto Rico. The owners, a married couple, have been slaughtered along with their employees. While the police are investigating, a private investigator, Isabelo, is hired. The investigation takes place in an underworld of frayed relationships and foul connections. It is a detective story that revolves around unforeseen secrets dealing in the occult and certain passions that only appear to spawn loathing.
2083 ::: Mädchen, die sich selbst bedienen (1976) ::: A male visitor to a sex shop keeps putting coins in a slot machine showing stag movies, ranting about how he's not interested in pornography at all but just in the way these movies are made (an excuse certain genre scribes apply to this very day...) while getting more turned on, not to mention hilariously foul-mouthed, with each successive segment. The seven sexy stories are largely played for laughs. Segment 1: Four men play bowling at bowling alley and goes to changing room one by one to wash their hands. There a young woman entertains them.Segment 2: A female nurse sees the circumcised penis of a patient during an operation and visits him in the hospital bed to get its taste. Segment 3: A female sculpturer seduces a shy man with a large penis in a sauna and takes him to her workshop. First she makes a sculpture of the penis and then tastes it. Segment 4: A passenger seduces an air hostess and she takes her into the bathroom of the plane. Segment 5: A young shy man watches old black-white porn movies and peeps a young girl masturbate in the next room. Later the girl opens his door and joins him. Segment 6: A woman masturbates while a man next door plays violin romantically. Segment 7: A man can't sleep because of the couple doing sex loudly in the next room. He records 4 hours fake sex sounds pretending to be his and makes them listen to the sounds the following night. Later at night, while her tired husband sleeps, the woman visits him hoping great sex, but?
2084 ::: Rose Madder (????) ::: Rose Daniels, is constantly beaten by her husband, Police Officer Norman Daniels. One day, she decides she's had enough and runs away from her life. Can she stay hidden, and is Norman the only thing she has to be afraid of? Find out in Stephen King's Rose Madder!
2085 ::: Bachelor Girls (2016) ::: In the heart of city of dreams, Mumbai, the leading urban metropolis of India, single independent women are facing housing discrimination because of their status of being 'unmarried'. 'Bachelor Girls' as labeled by the society, struggle to find homes amidst many biases, and question the idea of freedom for women in today's modern India.
2086 ::: Mass Stupidity (2007) ::: The Great Scorpion, the sinister leader of Scorpion Force is revealed and is determined to accomplish two things: World domination and getting laid. Max Damage the idiotic but good-hearted secret agent, now teamed with a new partner Ken Smooth must save the world from Scorpion Force's newest and most diabolical scheme to date: a stupidity ray, that once fired from a satellite in space, renders whatever it hits completely stupid. To make matters even worse, Max's girlfriend Trixie has been kidnapped by the sex crazed Great Scorpion and is being forced to marry him in a rather bizarre wedding where the best man is a blue-haired wheelchair bound dominatrix assassin. Saving the world is not going to be easy, they must get by crazy armed guards, Recyclabot, an evil robot that will stand littering from no man, and The Temptress, the sultry assassin that is in charge of a squad of scantily clad women known as the Lacy Legion. Max will get a little help from his boss Mr. Z, his friend Mr. F who always has some secret weapon shoved down his pants, and a few armed guards who were able to get past Scorpion Force's defenses. Now Max faces his greatest challenge, he must choose between saving Trixie from the Great Scorpion or saving the world from the destructive Stupidity Ray, and can he live with his decision?
2087 ::: The Cuban Hip Hop All-Stars (2004) ::: In 1999, Papaya Records, recorded the Cuban Hip Hop All-stars, the islands first hip hop compilation. Two years later, filmmaker, joshua bee alafia, went down to Habana to do a follow-up documentary hip hop artists from the ground-breaking album and Habana's burgeoning hip hop scene. With interviews, freestyle ciphers, dramatic recreations and live footage of Ananimo Consejo, Instincto, Obsesion, Hermano's de Causa, Explosion Suprema, Papo Record, Pablo Herrera, Sexto Sentido, 100% Original, and others, this film captures some of the explosive vitality of a hip hop scene comparable to New York's in the late 80s.
2088 ::: Vangels IRA (????) ::: David R saves a writer from committing suicide and takes writer Rodrick Hatchet on a journey of four amazing stories of other lives that may have faced death, but were saved by guardian like angels. Each stories have a twist with evil lurking within all of them. A dark mysterious young man named David R saves a writer from committing suicide that is down on his luck. The writer Rodrick Hatchet is taken on a journey with David R on four amazing stories of other people lives that have faced death or death around them, but were saved by guardian like angels. Each intriguing stories have a twist with different forms of evil lurking within all of them. Faith towards a higher power must be restored among these lives.
2089 ::: BLINK (????) ::: Four women, strangers, wake up in a room, and are told by a sinister man that they must decide who lives and who dies. Only one of the four gets to live.
2090 ::: Recession Proof (2009) ::: Wes Jacobs (Mark Stacey White) runs a kidnapping ring from a burned out office building during a recession. Wes, hires Jay (Matt Pohlkamp) and Eddie (Tommy Dishman) who have lost their jobs due to a down-turned economy. The three come up with a plan to kidnap real estate guru Max Murphy (Marc Macaulay) for the ultimate ransom that will enable them to retire. Things get complicated when one of the kidnapees ends up dead.
2091 ::: Far Too Gone (2004) ::: Get ready to take a ride on a train-wreck! Enter the world of Josh Lowell -- demented loser, town pillar, self-loathing transvestite in denial. The centerpiece, the proverbial objet d'art, he is the center of his universe, surrounded by minions of devoted followers, over whom he exerts an almost cult-like control. The first member of these so-called "minions" is Malaise, goth-warrior-princess and trailer-trash vampire. Malaise blazes a trail strewn with flotsam and jetsam on whatever path she chooses to tread. In this case, the path is where Josh happens to be walking. Malaise is also a really big slut. The second of these minions, and Josh's sergeant-at-arms, is Salem. A brute force of wasted air,Salem commands the respect of those around him, like crackheads, the homeless and runaway kids. Accompanied by these two devoted followers, Josh busies himself preparing for his comeback. Where has he been to necessitate this comeback? Well, that's what this documentary is about. Josh is, in fact, (according to him), none other than Tori Amos, in spite of the Adam's apple and the propensity to use urinals. Unfortunately, the population of Seattle doesn't quite accept him as the avant-garde rockstar, Ms. Amos. Therein lies the basis for the wonderful series of hijinks and conflicts that erupt as Josh spends his days walking the streets of Seattle spouting obscenities to all passers-by, threatening shopkeepers, performing for his fans and drawing all sunshine and cosmic energy from the ether above. He does this by simply walking around in a tattered housecoat and red wig, but that's the fun part.
2092 ::: Keys to the Code: Unlocking the Secrets in Symbols (2007) ::: In this second installment of this exclusive series we learn the sacred truths of ancient and medieval symbolism employed by secret societies such as the Freemasons. We listen to the teachings from across the ages, drawn together from a lifetime of learning. Tim Wallace-Murphy regularly travels the globe teaching at Masonic Lodges, Spiritual Retreats and major conferences. Here for the first time we can listen to the wisdom of our ancestors in the comfort of our own home and delve into the mind of one who truly understands the sacred nature of God on earth as seen by ancient Gnostics and understand the psychological and spiritual power of symbols. From cave paintings to Egypt and from pagan sculptures to Christian churches we are led on a journey of profound depth. It's time to listen to the voice of wisdom... Tim Wallace-Murphy is an international best-selling author known throughout the world for his deep knowledge of Rosslyn, the Knights Templar, Sacred Geometry and Rex Deus - the real bloodline of Jesus Christ and the sacred continuation of esoteric and gnostic knowledge. He has been the expert consultant to many scholars and authors on these subjects most notably Dan Brown, the author of the Da Vinci Code. His best selling books include The Mark of the Beast, Rosslyn: Guardians of the Secret of the Holy Grail, Rex Deus: The True Mystery of Rennes-Le-Chateau, Cracking the Symbol Code and many more. The first part in this series is called The Real Bloodline.
2093 ::: The Interns 2 (2011) ::: The drama and passion at fashion magazine Haute Couture continues as the interns try to please the editor-in-chief, Julia Ann. Still unaware of Allie (Haze)'s betrayal, Samantha (Ryan) goes toe-to-toe with her rival, Ruth (Melissa Jacobs). Meanwhile, having lost precious photographs, Zoe (Voss) is sent on an impossible mission; and editorial assistant Eve (Dana DeArmond) interviews a potential new intern (Celeste Star). But the question on everyone's mind is: can she handle the position?
2094 ::: Punk Love (2006) ::: Set in the rainy environs of Oregon and Washington, Punk Love is the story of two forlorn lovers, searching for that elusive Hollywood Ending to the story of their dreams. Sarah is a lost 15-year-old, trapped in an unloving home, in a dreary small paper mill town. When she meets Spike, she envisions a new life for herself. Falling in love, Sarah and Spike go on a crime spree of small-time con jobs, both to support themselves and their drug habit. Spike has dreams of his own, and when he successfully auditions for a band, he can't help but feel that he and Sarah are starting on the road to escaping their ill-fated existence. But just as things are looking up, everything goes uncontrollably wrong, and Spike and Sarah have only their undying love for each other as a means of survival against all odds. Director/writer Nick Lyon's Punk Love is a modern-day fairy tale about two fallen angels searching for meaning in a world without pity. As Spike, Chad Lindberg gives an outstanding performance as a man-child whose love knows no bounds, even when such bounds are called for. Emma Bing, as Sarah, is achingly vulnerable as a teenager desperate to keep a glimmer of hope alive of the better life she dreams of. In the end, all Spike and Sarah have are each other, and their love for one another, a love that can't be torn apart. Unconditional love.
2095 ::: Good Things Too (1996) ::: Good Things too is a compelling drama about five teens struggling to survive sexual abuse. As Hank, Tina, Janine, Melissa and Mike's intimate stories unfold, we are drawn into their past through animated flashback sequences. This journey evokes painful and difficult memories as well as moments of triumph and success.
2096 ::: Two Living, One Dead (1961) ::: Three Post Office employees are at work when the facility is held up. The robber kills the supervisor and knocks out another employee. The third one offers no resistance and survives unscathed. Afterwards he begins to wonder if his refusal to resist was a prudent move to preserve his family, or an act of cowardice, as many in the town believe. The resulting conflict begins to tear apart his family.
2097 ::: Campus Chillout! (2009) ::: Mundo Maravilla, National Wildlife Federation and Discovery Communications produced the 2009 Campus Chillout! Awards to run on Planet Green. Chillout! Is the nation's only awards program to inspire and showcase real solutions to global warming on the nation's College and University Campuses, underscoring the power of our nation's youth to lead and create solutions to the climate crisis. The campaign was shot by world-renowned cinematographer Eric Adkins (Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow). We utilized the cutting edge of digital technologies. Equipment included the Red Cameras (a film less, tape less, 4k camera system cabling directly into a hard drive), shooting at the Eco Friendly Green Stage at Big Vision Studios, used a solar powered generator by Pure Power Distribution, a solar capturing tent by FTL Solar, LED lighting, munched on organic craft services with Green Truck on the Go, and have been "Green Sealed" by the Environmental Media Awards for using the industry's best environmental practices.
2098 ::: Auf direktem Umweg (2014) ::: With a good amount of patience one can reach almost any destination. But it is doubtful if it can also get Niklas and Leo all the way to Ulaanbaatar. "On direct detour" is an attempt to check that thesis. Niklas and Leo do not have a great knowledge of cars or mechanics. But maybe the will to achieve something is more crucial than knowing, how to repair a motor. To face the unknown and hit the wall is their goal. Totally spontaneous and unprepared our two students jump into their little green Twingo, a car which was rather constructed to drive to the next supermarket and not for a journey half around the world. "On direct detour" tells the story of Niklas's and Leo's almost two-month trip; with all its obstacles, mishaps, acquaintances, cultures and experiences in a very likable and authentic way; balled up in a 90-minute adventure-documentary. Many of the round 300 teams of the Mongol-rally will have to give up before the home stretch - teams which are way better prepared than Niklas and Leo. If the two of them will really make it to Mongolia is uncertain. The odds are long.
2099 ::: "David Beckham's Soccer USA" (2007) ::: "David Beckham's Soccer USA" is a television series which followed David Beckham's first season playing for Major League Soccer team Los Angeles Galaxy. The show traveled around the USA and Canada following the team's attempts to make the play-offs with their new star player. Each week David Beckham gave insight on playing with his new team in America and on the world of soccer. The show was made by Simon Fuller's 19 Entertainment (makers of 'American Idol') and broadcast on Fox Soccer Channel in the USA and in over 60 countries worldwide. It featured interviews, game highlights and exclusive behind-the-scenes action.
2100 ::: Morrissey: Who Put the M in Manchester (2005) ::: A great live show from Morrissey, not only is the concert on his home turf, it's also on his birthday. Morrissey displays all of the charm and wit that have fueled his popularity. Watch as he alternately taunts and encourages the fans who try to climb on-stage. Songs featured: First Of The Gang To Die Hairdresser On Fire Irish Blood, English Heart The Headmaster Ritual Everyday Is Like Sunday I Have Forgiven Jesus I Know It's Gonna Happen Someday How Can Anybody Possibly Know How I Feel? Rubber Ring Such A Little Thing Makes Such A Big Difference Don't Make Fun Of Daddy's Voice The World Is Full Of Crashing Bores Let Me Kiss You No One Can Hold A Candle To You Jack The Ripper A Rush And A Push And The Land Is Ours I'm Not Sorry Shoplifters Of The World Unite There Is A Light That Never Goes Out Absolutely worth the price of admission.
2101 ::: Taboo 12 (1994) ::: Our heroine has come to the U.S. from France, curious about the American sexual mores. She ventures into a sex club and winds up going home with a mysterious suitor, only to find herself ensconced in a vast sumptuous mansion where she envisions great sex and a fabulous place to live. The sex is more wicked than anyone could have ever imagined -- and a little too wicked even for her casual European sensibilities. She is rescued by a housekeeper who turns out to be as wicked as her man.
2102 ::: "Olive and the Rhyme Rescue Crew" (2010) ::: Learn the alphabet with Olive and the Rhyme Rescue Crew. Created by the Emmy Award-winning Peach Blossom Media, and head-writer of Mickey Mouse Clubhouse, Leslie Valdes, this unique series teaches the alphabet using your favourite nursery rhymes. Every episode is designed to engage and enrich your young audience, teaching them interesting and useful vocabulary through song and dance. Created by the Emmy Award-winning Peach Blossom Media, and head-writer of Mickey Mouse Clubhouse, Leslie Valdes, this unique series teaches the alphabet using your favourite nursery rhymes. Every episode is designed to engage and enrich your young audience, teaching them interesting and useful vocabulary through song and dance.
2103 ::: "Renaissance Men" (2017) ::: Police Officer, Musician, Counselor, Bounty Hunter, Mensa Member, HVAC Tech, Counselor, Business Owner, Judo Champion, Pro Wrestler, Pool Hustler, Gemstone Cutter, Pool Hustler, Ghost Hunter, Minister, SWAT Team member - and on and on and on - Between these two friends, Big Luke and Funkmaster V have done almost everything human men can do. They have tasted success and suffered many defeats, but at the end of the day, they have built their legends and are ready to take on new challenges.
2104 ::: The American (1927) ::: Seref, who returns to his country after many years in America, as a dollar billionaire with a cowboy hat on his head, and with his Dallas-type boots has an interesting past: Twenty years ago he has lost his sweetheart Melek to his closest friend, and furthermore, has been put in prison. He found a way to escape from prison, going to America, the country of dreams. Here, he has become a businessman with boundless wealth, known as Seref The Turk. When he returns to his country as an American, even though he has some commercial aims in mind, his real desire is to take revenge. He will settle accounts with the friend who stabbed him in the back many years ago, and with Melek who is betrayed him. However, when he sets foot in Turkey with yearning, he meets 'Small America' in chaos. On top of that, while looking for Melek, he finds himself in the middle of a funny and exciting adventure where sexuality and violence mingle.
2105 ::: The Ocean Ranger Disaster (2002) ::: This new 60-minute documentary, filmed in Newfoundland in the fall of 2001, chronicles the worst offshore drilling accident in North American history. The documentary is tentatively scheduled to premiere in early 2002, ahead of the 20th anniversary of the disaster. The Ocean Ranger sank on Feb. 15, 1982. Part of the Network's expanded slate of documentaries and one of the first recipients of CTV's new BCE-CTV Benefits Package, The Ocean Ranger Disaster is the heart-wrenching story of a disaster that devastated Newfoundland, and shocked the world. In the early morning hours of February 15, 1982, the Ocean Ranger, a giant oil-drilling rig faltered and sank. All 84 crew members were lost. Now 20 years later, using state-of-the-art advances in animation, CineNova has re-created the events of that night. By blending filmed re-enactments, cutting-edge computer graphic technology, poignant interviews and contemporary archival material, The Ocean Ranger Disaster tells the complete story of the startling chain of events that resulted in tragedy. It not only recalls what happened that day but also takes us out "on deck" to experience the disaster first-hand. What really happened that fateful night? How could a seemingly indestructible rig sink? "By exploring the causes of this tragedy, this film is an acknowledgment of the heroic deeds of those who tried their best to save the men of Ocean Ranger, and a tribute to those lives lost and those left behind," said Bob Culbert, CTV's Vice President of Documentaries. "Hopefully, this commemoration will keep the memory of the brave men of Ocean Ranger alive - both among those people who shared in their mourning 20 years ago and among those who have come since and will continue to go to sea in search of oil," said David Lint, chairman and CEO of CineNova Productions, Inc. "We're grateful for the warm reception from the families and people of Newfoundland. Their assistance was indispensable to the telling of the story." Like the Titanic, the Ocean Ranger was the biggest of its kind - 25,000 tons with a deck bigger than two football fields - touted as an unsinkable oil rig and designed to drill in seas too treacherous for others. And like the Titanic, Ocean Ranger challenged the sea in one of the most dangerous areas on earth - the North Atlantic.
2106 ::: The Ladytrap (2002) ::: A beautiful heiress is bound, gagged and kidnapped. An equally lovely detective tracks the victim to a mysterious house where the kidnapped and five other victims are found securely roped and muzzled. Will the wily police officer discover who perpetrated the dastardly crime before other lovely bondagettes fall into her clutches?
2107 ::: "Mundo em Movimento" (2012) ::: Mundo em Movimento is a TV series that follows New York Times collaborator photographer Paula Lobo throughout the globe, as she researches and captures the typical dances of countries like India, Mexico, Japan, Puerto Rico, Turkey, Morocco, France, Spain and many others. Mundo em Movimento is the first reality series to explore the world of photography and dance in a dazzling mixture of classical and contemporary styles.
2108 ::: Pon un hombre en tu vida (1996) ::: Juan is an aggressive and loud-mouthed football coach; he is at a luxury hotel preparing his team for an important match in a few days time. Belinda is with a group of female singers, also at the hotel. They are completely different characters and take an instant dislike to one another. But in a swimming pool accident they collide, and, nearly dying they recover, but they have exchanged bodies! They are horrified to discover that they are in the wrong bodies, and getting together, they agree that the only way to survive is to co-operate and try to deceive the world into thinking that nothing has happened. But Belinda (in Juan's body) knows nothing about football, and the players just laugh. Juan (in Belinda's body) tries to give tips over a mobile phone. She also visits her fiance about the wedding, but of course the fiance only sees a male body, and there is a surprising moment. Belinda increasingly has second thoughts about the wedding. Juan's musical efforts are equally unsuccessful, but brought together in the stress of trying to survive the situation, Juan and Belinda find themselves increasingly attracted to one another ... and at least between themselves they don't have to pretend to be what they are not.
2109 ::: Chinese Dream (2012) ::: In ancient times in China, education was the only way out of poverty. In recent times it has been the best way. China's economic boom and talk of the merits of hard work have created an expectation that to study is to escape poverty. But these days, China's higher education system only leads to jobs for a few, educating a new generation to unemployment and despair.
2110 ::: English Only, Please (2014) ::: Julian (played by Derek Ramsay) is on the look out for a translator who knows how to translate English to Filipino to teach him the language for certain reasons. After several interviews, he hired Tere (played by Jennylyn Mercado) to teach him Filipino. Along the way, Tere and Julian become friends who tell each other's love relationship, which in turn are very unfortunate. Towards the end, Tere falls for Julian, but it seems like Julian is back with his ex-girlfriend (played by Isabel Oli) - the very reason why he hired a Tere.
2111 ::: "Complete Works" (2014) ::: Hal's been obsessed with Shakespeare since his "Henry the Fourth" birthday party. Winning the American Shakespeare Competition could pull him out of his boring life and give him the performing career he's always dreamed of. The only problem: he's never done an arts competition before. As he deals with the crazy challenges and the challenging crazies, Hal discovers that the road to victory is often paved with douchebag-ery.
2112 ::: A Powerful Noise (2008) ::: Bookended by call-to-action quotes from Margaret Mead and Mahatma Gandhi, this inspiring documentary follows three extraordinary women -- in Bosnia-Herzegovina, Mali, and Vietnam -- as they lead day-to-day battles against ignorance, poverty, oppression, and ethnic strife.
2113 ::: Proximity to Power (2017) ::: In Proximity To Power we learn about the journey that Rob Cipriano has taken through a labyrinth of suspenseful dramatic events to emerge as a humanitarian. It weaves current day events over the past 40 years with Rob's past. We come to learn of his childhood horrors in memories and flash backs that help the viewer understand his character, actions and decisions in the present. What propels Rob to challenge the world and grasp for understanding as to who he is and what impact he has on the world? He overcomes evil and atrocious situations to find himself in the closest proximity to power one could imagine. From inhumanity comes tremendous humanity. From offensive corruption comes legitimate kindheartedness and compassion. We learn about that moment when he drew near the greatest power on earth and how this would alter the lives of many who would then go on to change mankind.
2114 ::: Cupid's Roundup (1918) ::: James Kelly and Tom Baldwin, two old pals, agree that their children, Larry and Helen, should marry. During the month before the marriage, Larry plans to have a fling and is smitten by a woman he meets on a train. Not realizing that the woman is Helen, he takes a job on the ranch next to hers, and she poses as a maid to sound out her fiancee's character. Tom exposes a group of cattle thieves but is accused of murder and makes a run for it. His horse catches up with a train, and when he jumps through the window, he finds himself facing his future wife.
2115 ::: Showa onnamichi: Rashomon (1972) ::: A nobleman with a barren wife finds a mistress who is fertile and able to give him the heir he desperately wants. When his mistress gives birth to twins (a boy and a girl). The nobleman orders his bodyguard to kill his mistress and her infant daughter. The bodyguard is unable to bring himself to commit murder and he helps the nobleman's mistress and her infant daughter find a new life. Flash forward nineteen years, the daughter the nobleman never wanted and thought was dead re-emerges and falls in love with the nobleman's son (her brother).
2116 ::: Richard Bangs' South America: Quest for Wonder (2012) ::: If Wonder has its roots in childhood, in an uninhibited response to the beauty and mystery of the new, then what happens when we grow up? What stirs us as adults? Richard Bangs traces the contours of wonder on a journey across South America. From the magnificent displays of grand nature; to the riddles that ripple through time; to the mystic power of ancient beauty; to the marvels of diversity at play on a living canvas, this Quest radiates to four of the greatest wonders on the planet, Iguaçu Falls in Brazil and Argentina; Easter Island in Chile; the ruins of Machu Picchu in Peru; and the Galapagos Islands of Ecuador.
2117 ::: Prank of America (2018) ::: Steve and Rob have "come into" some seed money to start a company, but their only talent is pranking people, so they make it their business. Step one is to hire employees to assist in pranking, step two is to develop a prank portfolio. Hard work pays off, because their list of clients explodes overnight after an elaborate prank is pulled off successfully. The pranks are a blast, but it's crucial that the added attention doesn't cause the truth about the seed money to come to light.
2118 ::: Summer Madness (????) ::: After spending 3 years in prison, Jack Crawford's only goal is getting his life back on track for his wife, Amy, and their daughter. But when a connection he made in prison resurfaces, a series of unfortunate events lands Jack on trial for murder; and the only person that can save him is Bryce Wilson, the officer who arrested him 3 years earlier. But when things become more than what they seem, Bryce is put in a position where he has to solve Jack's problems, as well as his own.
2119 ::: Perils of Pauline (1933) ::: Professor Hargrave ('James Durkin (I)' (qv)), a noted scientist, is in Indo-China seeking an ivory-disc that is engraved with the formula for a deadly gas. Dr. Barshan ('John Davidson' (qb)), his assistant Wang ('Frank Lackteen' (qv)) and his henchmen are also after the sacred formula and will stop at nothing to obtain it. Professor Hargrave's daughter, Pauline ('Evalyn Knapp' (qv)), and flight-engineer Robert Ward (Craig Reynolds (I)') do their best to protect Hargraves from the band of villains. A famous scientist and his beautiful daughter travel to Indochina to find an ivory disc that has the formula for a deadly gas engraved on it. An evil doctor and his gang are also looking for it.
2120 ::: Behold My Wife (1920) ::: In Canada, a young woman of Indian blood marries an Englishman who sends her back to England to humiliate his family and the woman who once spurned him. But the man's brother shows her the ways of English civilization, and a great surprise awaits her husband when he returns to his homeland.
2121 ::: Tri sestry (1964) ::: In a small Russian town at the turn of the century, three sisters (Olga, Irina, and Masha) and their brother Andrei live but dream daily of their return to their former home in Moscow, where life is charming and stimulating meaningful. But for now they exist in a malaise of dissatisfaction. Soldiers from the local military post provide them some companionship and society, but nothing can suffice to replace Moscow in their hopes. Andrei marries a provincial girl, Natasha, and begins to settle into a life of much less meaning than he had hoped. Natasha begins to run the family her way. Masha, though married, yearns for the sophisticated life and begins a dalliance with Vershinin, an army officer with a sick and suicidal wife. Even Irina, the freshest, most optimistic of the sisters, begins to waver in her dreams until, finally, tragedy strikes.
2122 ::: Defining Maggie (2002) ::: Defining Maggie is the story of a couple (Maggie and Tom) whose simplistic relationship and mundane,but happily routine existence is disrupted by a remainder from Maggie's past. The remainder is in the form of Maggie's brother Buddy who is carrying baggage that will have an unsettling consequence on all their lives.
2123 ::: Brothers in Arms: 1978 (2007) ::: The South African Border War, commonly referred to as the Angolan Bush War in South Africa, refers to the conflict that took place from 1966 to 1989 in South -West Africa (now Namibia) and Angola between South Africa and its allied forces (mainly UNITA) on the one side and the Angolan government, South-West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), and their allies - mainly Cuba - on the other. It was closely intertwined with the Angolan Civil War and the Namibian War of Independence. This film plays off against this backdrop. The year is 1978 and the Angolan Bush War is reaching a crescendo. Operation Reindeer is in full swing. After losing his brother, a man learns the importance of humanity and the realities of war when his unit, capture SWAPO prisoners of war and transport them back over the borer towards friendly lines.
2124 ::: The Highly Contested Election for Payette County Sheriff (2009) ::: Tells the tale of a shooting war that breaks out between rural Idaho neighbors-Sheriff Thompson and the Tucker family-over pent up frustrations regarding water rights. The Sheriff strikes first by secretly hiring the Bad Ass Chicks-a gang of roving outlaws--to drive the Tuckers from their ranch. When Pa Tucker refuses to leave his ranch, the Bad Ass Chicks gun him down in cold blood and issue an ultimatum to the rest of the Tucker Family that they have two days to depart or suffer a similar fate. The Tuckers-unaware of the Sheriff's role in Pa's death-appeal to the Sheriff for help, who promises protection. But Ma Tuckers is dubious about the Sheriff's competence, so the Tuckers hire a mercenary gunslinger named Delroy off the Internet to come defend their interests. Delroy arrives in Payette County and the stage is set for the climatic show-down in the Tucker corral. Stumbling unawares into the midst of this brouhaha is the hapless Delbert, the ex-husband of Lucille Tucker. Freshly released from prison, Delbert arrives in Payette County loudly proclaiming his intention to kill Lucille-a plan that is quickly thwarted by the locals, with a little help from the gunslinger Delroy.
2125 ::: American Soldier (2018) ::: Its summer 2008.Ex-GI Jack Forrester, gets back in Afghanistan to take revenge for his two best friends against Mullah Rabbani and other murderers of his friends. While he was in a cave in Tora Bora, suddenly, an explosion has occurred which left two badly hurt survivors, Jack and the a Taliban fighter Salaam Khan. Jack has lost his sight while Salaam Khan has two foot rod through his leg. Though they were sworn enemies, now they must help each other to survive. Later on, Jack falls in love with an Afghan girl,Rita Roy, who comes from an Afghan-Hindu family. Rita was a victim of Afghan Mujaheddin freedom fighters, they sprayed acid on her face, injuring her deeply. However, there is no way for Jack to know of the burns on Rita's face as he is blind. Jack falls in love with Rita Roy because of who she is, not what she looks like. ___________________________
2126 ::: 500M800M (2016) ::: Reproductive right is one of the fundamental human rights. However, the one-child family planning policy placed in China since 1970s has deprived 400 millions of unborn babies till October 2015. The story of Hong-fen is one of those struggles with that policy.
2127 ::: What's in the Bible? Vol 4: Battle for the Promised Land (2010) ::: Buck Denver and friends continue their quest to learn about the Bible in number four of the 13 What's in the Bible? DVDs. In Battle for the Promised Land, they visit Old Testament books Joshua, Judges and Ruth. Battle for the Promised Land! Contains two 25-minute episodes.
2128 ::: Followers (2000) ::: Inspired by a series of actual racial hazing incidents, 'Followers' focuses on three friends who want to pledge an exclusive fraternity. The friendship disintegrates when one of the friends is not accepted because he is black. To test the loyalty of the two white friends, the fraternity president forces them to target their African American friend through a series of dangerous, racially motivated hazing incidents.
2129 ::: The News Reporter (2007) ::: Once, John Marks reported on politics and believed in truth and in freedom of the press. But now it is the year 2028, and free elections are a thing of the past. His newspaper has been reduced to a catalog of meaningless news, and his assignments are limited to covering local happenings and trivial events. In one week, everything changes when Harold, John's editor and long-time friend, asks him to cover a recent outbreak of political vandalism. He is expected to vilify the perpetrators but goes against the grain when he simply reports the news. When he gets a chance to meet the gang responsible for the vandalism, he must choose between the security of his job and what may be his last chance to regain the sense of purpose he once held as a reporter. Harold, meanwhile, becomes torn between loyalty to his friend and his obligations to his job. As John gets closer to the gang, the stakes get higher than anyone imagined.
2130 ::: Missing Audrey (2010) ::: MISSING AUDREY follows Edward, a medical school drop out, who is obsessed with getting his broken family back together. After a weekend with his daughter, Audrey, the little girl mysteriously goes missing. Edward tries to buy time with his ex, Sylvia, so he can unravel the mystery of what happened to Audre
2131 ::: The Guns of Yuma (2008) ::: This short is all about the weapons used in the movie, of course. Key Armorer, Thell Reed, shows you all the weapons used in the movie with some additional commentary from director, James Mangold, and some of the main cast members who used the weapons.
2132 ::: Ten Little Niggers (1949) ::: Ten people are invited to a summer party on an island oft the Devon coast. They are an extremely varied group from a blustering major to a frigid spinster. The only thing they have in common is that they were each involved in a case of unexpected death. They soon find something very odd about their invitations, and then they start to die, one by one. But who is the murderer and where is he hiding.
2133 ::: Just Get Married (2015) ::: Marriage is not for everyone. Chang Chieh-Sheng ('Chris Wang (VIII)' (qv)), Peter ('Jason Hsu (II)' (qv)) and Rex are three friends who have avoided the traps of marriage well into their 30s. Chieh-Sheng is a kindergarten principal with obsessive-compulsive disorder and women tire of his strange behaviors and don't stick around.
2134 ::: Bomba on Panther Island (1949) ::: A man-eating black panther is on the loose and Bomba tries to track it down. He comes across brother and sister Robert and Judy Maitland who are trying to build an agricultural station. The local workmen are superstitious and think the Maitlands housemaid Losana has the spirit of a panther. They're also leery of Bomba and refuse to work until he goes away. Robert's inexperience leads him to set a controlled fire to get rid of the under-brush but it nearly leads to disaster. For Bomba, it leads to an encounter with the panther.
2135 ::: Cudna noc (1990) ::: A student of veterinary and his girlfriend meet Sanja in the park, the wife of his friend. The student starts some sort of romance affair with Sanja, which makes things complicated. Meanwhile, Sanja's husband has mistress as well. One night, Sanja takes the student to her mother's apartment, where they suddenly meet her husband and his mistress. The meeting of four lasts until dawn with fights, hits, reconciliation and a game of cards... After that, everybody decide upon their own future.
2136 ::: The Wheelman (????/III) ::: A mute getaway driver has fallen in with the wrong heist team on the wrong day at the wrong bank. Betrayed, his money stolen, his battered carcass left for dead, he is on a one-way mission to find out who double crossed him and get back his loot. But the heist has sent a violent ripple effect through the city. And now a dirty cop, the Russian and Italian mobs, maneuver for position as this adrenaline-fueled story twists and turns its way toward its explosive conclusion.
2137 ::: The Awakening of Annie (1976) ::: The lovely orphan Annie is wandering St Tropez when she meets a mysterious photo-journalist, who convinces her to pose nude for him on the luscious beaches. Proud of her work as the photographer's muse, Annie agrees to travel to Brazil with him to model nude. After her swarthy companion tries to force himself upon her, Annie flees into the arms of Hugo: another photographer, but one with a more gentle spirit. Hugo takes Annie on a fateful trip into the heart of the Amazon, where the danger and the passion heat up.
2138 ::: Guns N' Roses' Appetite for Destruction: The Story of Rock's Most Dangerous Album (2017) ::: In 1987, Guns N' Roses changed the face of hard rock with 'Appetite for Destruction'. Featuring interviews with original band members Slash and Duff McKagan, as well as Corey Taylor, Ice-T, Steve Thompson, Chris Jericho, Myles Kennedy, Mike Portnoy, David Ellefson, Munky, Billy Sheehan, Nickelback, Jason Newsted, John Cooper, Alex Skolnick and Nita Strauss, this documentary tells the story of the greatest rock debut of all time.
2139 ::: Txt (2018) ::: In todays world, many of us go an entire day without speaking to another person face to face. Yet we all have full, emotional relationships and feeling from words sent to us via our Smartphones. 'TXT' weaves together four interconnected stories following a text messages that string together during a single day in Los Angeles.
2140 ::: "Il duce canadese" (2004) ::: Based on real events, Il Duce Canadese is a dramatic mini-series that follows the experiences of the fictional Alvaro family as they struggle to survive these trying times. It is the story of how Angelo, Mario and Momo came to be considered a threat to national security, were arrested by the RCMP and held prisoner in the camp. It follows Sara and Turi, who strain to keep the bakery afloat in a community impoverished by the arrest of its men and the effects of anti-Italian prejudice. It traces the predatory actions of Mazzotta as he takes advantage of the situation to both save his own skin and pursue Sara. Il Duce Canadese shows a family and community trying to come to terms with events over which it had no control, and throws light on a little-known chapter in history, which has new relevance for the world today.
2141 ::: "Forever Summer with Nigella" (2002) ::: Nigella Lawson is back and if she has her way, it will be summer forever. In this eight-part series, Nigella cooks irresistible summery recipes that can be enjoyed at any time of the year. Featuring food from around the globe, Nigella ventures out of the kitchen to give picnics, barbecues and beach food a touch of her inimitable culinary style. In each episode, Nigella's recipes reflect a different colour with some amazing and unexpected results.
2142 ::: The Mumbo Jumbo (2000) ::: A cynical young American, Thomas Doubting, is given a magical amulet which takes him on a mysterious journey to the island of Sinmouth. The eccentric locals believe he is the lost legend of "Mumbo Jumbo" - an entity who will restore their fortunes and rescue the beautiful Princess Vanilla.
2143 ::: Zornige Küsse (2000) ::: Lea, a student at a religious school in the mountains falls in love with Father Bachman, a handsome young priest who teaches there. She pursues him and eventually he weakens, but their actions have serious repercusions for the couple and those around them.
2144 ::: "AXS TV's Super Party" (2014) ::: Hosted by Kristen Aldridge and comedian Ryan Stout, with Katie Daryl reporting from the field, AXS TV'S SUPER PARTY aired live from New York's PIER 40 at Hudson River Park, recapping the top highlights from the biggest parties leading up to Super Bowl XLVIII.
2145 ::: After the Wall: A World United (2011) ::: The Berlin Wall came down in 1989, bringing the reunification of Germany and an end to the Cold War. This documentary revisits the events surrounding the wall's historic collapse. Interviews with George Bush, Mikhail Gorbachev and Helmut Kohl offer insight into political maneuvering while firsthand accounts from Germans provide personal perspectives of this historic event that changed the world forever.
2146 ::: The Impressionists: Pisarro (2003) ::: This is the story of the life and work of Camille Pissarro, the West-Indian born leader of the original Impressionists and the only artist from that school to exhibit at all eight of the exhibitions from 1874 to 1886. Pissaro's great works include the famous Boulevard Montmarte which hangs today in the National Gallery, London.
2147 ::: Churchill's Desert War: The Road to El Alamein (2012) ::: This is the story of how the men who fought and died in the Battle of El Alamein were players in a volatile drama scripted by Churchill, Roosevelt, Mussolini and Hitler in the war capitals of London, Washington, Rome and Berlin. Based on Dimbleby's book, Destiny in the Desert, the film sheds new light on the significance of this key campaign, on which Churchill gambled both his own future and that of Britain itself.
2148 ::: Perfume (2001) ::: 'Perfume' chronicles one week in the lives of over a dozen people involved in the magazine and entertainment business of New York City. The central characters include Italian designer Lorenzo Mancini who learns that he's dying from cancer and decides to get his affairs in order with his wife Irine and his business partner Guido. Lorenzo's son Mario is a recording promoter who's latest client is hip-hop rapper J.B.. Roberta is a designer hard-pressed to fill out a latest dress design for the next Broadway show her group is putting on. Other characters are Jamie, a crafty agent whose latest client, Camille finds success but affects their relationship in ways he never planned and fails to deal with. Leese Hotton is a has-been model/actress trying to make a comeback into the spotlight; Janice Crawford is a wealthy publisher and control freak whose problems escalate with the arrival of her estranged teenage daughter Halley whom Janice abandoned her and everything else for her career years ago.
2149 ::: Knuckles (????) ::: A police detective is tasked in shutting down an illegal, underground bare knuckle fight ring in Las Vegas. Conor, the pound for pound biggest bad ass on the planet just got thrown into lock up after a fine display of fisticuffs at a local nightclub. He ultimately gets blackmailed into fighting around town, lighting up the local tough guy population to grab some attention from the underground bosses. In Las Vegas You can gamble on anything, even a man's life. Conor went to Vegas to party and go watch a title fight. Little did he know he would end up blackmailed into a title fight of his very own. Conor will be going home with the title of total bad ass or he wont be going home at all.
2150 ::: "Stardust" (2014) ::: Watch a friendship eviscerated as Samantha and JJ abandon their boring lives in Milwaukee to move to Hollywood and ride their best friend's coattails only to find out not only are they not wanted, but they've already been replaced. Now, vengeance is their only option.
2151 ::: Klakier (1983) ::: A troupe of would-be actors on the tour of provinces feature a once great actress, the woman now deaf, dumb and senile. In order to keep the production alive, the young impresario doubles as "applause-getter" to assure elderly actress that she is not playing before an empty theater. To bring in the crowds he spreads the rumor that she may die at one of the next performances, right on the stage.
2152 ::: For Love of Olivia (2001) ::: After dedicating years of his life to the practice of law in the small town of Silver Shade, Daniel Webster Stewart (Louis Gossett Jr) has closed his office in order to devote his time to his lifelong dream of running for Congress. But when the beautiful young wife of his political opponent Horton Roundtree (Robert Urich) is brutally murdered, Daniel finds that he must go back into the courtroom again. Daniel's friend Curtis Gallagher has been falsely accused of the murder and someone has threatened to reveal a shocking secret about Daniel's wife Olivia if he refuses to defend Curtis. However there is someone else in town who is just as anxious to keep Daniel off the case.
2153 ::: Graveyard of Ships (1936) ::: A short about the work of the U.S. Coast Guard along the treacherous shores of Cape Hatteras. Shown are the men shooting out a beeches buoy to a stranded ship. The narrative and camera work is by 'Harold McCracken' (qv), and the narration by 'Alois Havrilla' (qv).
2154 ::: Agian (2006) ::: In March of 2003, a young Basque poet and four friends-three musicians and an artist-came to New York City almost by chance, to do a half dozen bilingual poetry evenings, with music. "The six or seven hundred thousand Basque speakers in the world today "can fit into a New York neighborhood," the poet, Kirmen Uribe, says in AGIAN / MAYBE. "So what does a community that fits into a neighborhood have to offer the world? Or in that city that's the center of the world, what can it offer?" What the five discovered there surprised them. AGIAN / MAYBE shows how something that seemed to begin in New York in 2003 in fact had its origins long before. AGIAN / MAYBE is a ping-pong contemplation, with music, of the five histories behind the whole, and makes a guess of its own at possible outcomes.
2155 ::: ChickLit (2016) ::: ChickLit is a comedy drama about four guys trying to save their local pub from closing down. They group write a chick lit, or more specifically a "mummy porn" novel, in the style of "Fifty Shades of Grey", and it gets snapped up. The only snag, is that the publisher insists that the young female "author" does press and publicity. The guys have to keep their involvement a secret, and so engage an out of work actress to "role play" the part of the author. This leads to her becoming the star in the film of the book. The tables are turned on the guys, and she is in control, leaving them with the awful prospect of having to secretly churn out sex novels for the foreseeable future.
2156 ::: Tide (2008/I) ::: Hal is an everyman, alone on a beach, drifting from routine to aimlessness and back. His task is plain: decorate the slow, expansive time stretched endlessly before him. Anna, too, is alone, a carefree child tied - like all of us - to the peculiar and apathetic alchemy of the universe.
2157 ::: His Double Life (2016) ::: Five years after her husband was killed in a tragic car accident, Linda starts to rebuild her life and gets re-married, to her late husband's business partner Greg. When her daughter Scarlett returns home from college, she notices her new stepfather is behaving oddly and suspects that he might be having an affair. She follows him and seems to confirm her suspicions when he meets up with another woman. Things get scarier, though, when a day later on the news, the same mysterious other woman is reported dead. Scarlett starts to wonder - who is this man living in their home?
2158 ::: 14 Women (2007) ::: When the historic 109th Congress convened the number of women in the Senate increased to an unprecedented 14. Now, their struggle to balance family and politics is chronicled in this heartwarming look at the most powerful women in America. A story of perseverance and poise, 14 Women will inspire and uplift audiences of all ages!
2159 ::: The Improbable Son (2009) ::: "The Improbable Son" is a lovable clown who takes his inheritance and ventures off on the journey of a lifetime, leaving family and friends in search of 'true happiness'. Set in the heart of the Derbyshire Dales, he visits many of the local attractions, even stepping back in time to meet some extraordinary characters of a by-gone age. He makes a lot of 'fly-by-night' friends along the way, in particular a lady-friend with whom he intends to spend the rest of his life. A tale where reality and dreams collide!
2160 ::: The Crooked E: The Unshredded Truth About Enron (2003) ::: Brian Cruver, an ambitious 26-year-old lands a job at Enron. As he assimilates to the company's get-rich-quick mantra, spending sprees and wild corporate "gatherings" become the norm. But when Enron files for bankruptcy, Cruver discovers he's just a pawn in a failing game of corporate greed--one that made the rich richer...while the rest lost everything.
2161 ::: "On Safari" (1957) ::: Travellers' Tales follows the dynamic and charming Belgian Armand Denis, a pioneering documentary filmmaker of the 1930s, as he and his glamorous wife Michaela return to Africa's vast bushland. Hot on the trail of Gertie the rhino, this first episode highlights the stunning African grasslands as the pair attempt to locate this elusive, horned herbivore. Immensely popular, Search for Gertie was the first in a series of twelve episodes detailing the intrepid couple's travels. Described by founder of the BBC's Natural History Unit, Chris Parsons, as "a real professional", Armand Denis included a wealth of creatures and excellent footage of animal behaviour in each of his fifteen minute installments. Bringing the beauty and variety of this wild land to life, On Safari was an enchanting combination of style, substance, and adventure. First broadcast in 1958, the huge success of the production saw On Safari running until the mid 1960s.
2162 ::: "Urban Jungle Dating Dilemmas" (2011) ::: Newly single, Tessa has to begin finding her way in the L.A. dating scene. Her character trait of embellishing real situations into fantasies in her head are brought to life on-screen and can land her in different film genre, fairy tale or pop culture surroundings. Her best friend Allison and favorite cousin Paul figure prominently in her life and have the good fortune of getting cast in her fantasy situations on a regular basis. Can Tessa adapt to dating in a town whose specialty is presenting a warped reality to the public? Turns out... she may actually be well suited for it. And, along with her colorful crew of supporting characters, she just might end up helping others as well.
2163 ::: Amar Bondhu Rashed (2011) ::: My Friend Rashed is the story of 1971 liberation war seen through the eyes of a young boy. The backdrop happens to be a remote small town, and the characters are a few students of a school. Rashed, the central character, suddenly appears in the school one day. His real name is not Rashed, it is a given name by his teacher along with some of the students. When the small boys fail to comprehend the impact of extremely troubling days of 1971, in his unique way, politically conscious Rashed explains its significance to them. The Pakistan army has started its military operation in the country, and one day they reach this small town too making Rashed the witness of a cruel annihilation. At the initial stage of the liberation war Rashed and his young friends decide to help the Muktibahini (Freedom fighters). In an open confrontation a freedom fighter of their acquaintance gets captured and Rashed along with his friends, by means of his extraordinary plan, helps him escape from certain death. The story of My Friend Rashed ends with the liberation of Bangladesh. When the fallen apart residents finally return back to the small town to their utter surprise they become aware of the fact that Rashed, the amazing little boy, is missing. Conspired by the anti-liberation force he has been killed by the Pakistan Army. The story ends there, although his friends reminisce about him for a long time-even when they grow up.
2164 ::: Fasces (2006) ::: The murder of a councilor, a beating given to an immigrant, a homophobic secondary school headmaster. Two days in the lives of a number of unwittingly confrontational people, who sometimes reach extreme situations. Several men with different values, different ways of defending their ideologies and how they can't always accept others methods of perception.
2165 ::: "Em Nome Dos Pais" (2017) ::: Matheus Leităo's parents were arrested and tortured during the Brazilian military dictatorship. Throughout his childhood and adolescence, this story has become his obsession. Forty-two years later, the respected journalist decides that it is time to find the informant and militars involved in the arrest of his parents. Will he be able to forgive them?
2166 ::: O K Corral (2007) ::: What is Wyatt Earp's true role in the OK Corral shootout - was he on the side of good or bad? "OK Coral", the third episode of BBC's docudrama "Wild West", presents little known facts about one of the wild west's most infamous scenes. Each scene is dissected using accurate, updated re-enactments.
2167 ::: "Zivot a doba soudce A. K." (2014) ::: The serial in thirteen parts about the life and time of judge A.K. tells an up-to-date, realistic and internally dramatic story of a young man struggling his way through the maze of civil law disputes typical of the present-day society. He has to try and understand each of the parties, and pronounce a judgment in keeping with his idea of justice. And he also must bear never-ending responsibility for the way his verdict impacts the painful spots in the parties' lives. Judge Adam Klos strives to understand not only the cases he deals with, but himself as well.
2168 ::: Macushla (1937) ::: Released in the US in 1940 while a drive was being staged in Ireland to stop the smuggling of munitions across the Ulster border. The story involves a family, the Muldoons, living in a village on the Ulster border. Pamela Wood, the daughter, is being romanced (and romancing back) border-guard Lian Gaffney. A damper is dumped on the romance when her brother, Max Adrian, is recognized as one of the rebels. He is caught by the guards, but manages to escape after saving the life of Gaffney
2169 ::: Maria Lai: Ansia d'infinito (2009) ::: Maria Lai, who studied in Venice under Arturo Martini, one of the greatest European sculptors of the 20th century. Accompanied by the voice of the Sardinian artist, her paintings, carved landscapes, textile stage designs and drawings are revealed by a fluid, delicate and inventive use of video and music. This is an investigation into the life and evolution of a creativity never short on ideas, whose modernity is still spectacularly vibrant today.
2170 ::: The Root Cause (2016) ::: Human activity on the planet is a geological force, changing the climate and the oceans, reshaping the landscape, causing pollution, and driving extinctions of other species. As a result, human civilization as we know it is facing its own demise. Can humans change the way we interact with the environment and change our future to avert disaster, or are we bound by our innate nature to continue as a destructive geological force?
2171 ::: "Uncle Buck" (1990) ::: Buck, a slob who drinks beer, smokes cigars, et cetera, becomes the guardian of his brother's three kids when his brother and wife are called out of town. Mrs. Hogoboom is the kids grandmother, and Skank and Rafer are Buck's poker-playing buddies. Based on the movie _Uncle Buck (1989)_ (qv).
2172 ::: Immortality (2016/I) ::: When a pill is invented nicknamed "Forever", the course of humanity is irreversibly changed. For one unlikely man at the forefront of the research, the battle for immortality becomes less biological and more psychological. Choosing to live eternally comes with many costs. Just as eternal life becomes a choice in the form of a pill, death equally becomes a viable choice for those unable to deal with a life without end. For Bob, the emotional trade off for seeing centuries of loss is to immerse himself in work and barricade his feelings. But when the oldest woman in the world starts to question her future, will Bob compromise his survival strategy to save a friend? Immortality - Can you handle it?
2173 ::: Winston (1987) ::: A short film about a bike shop and sexual attraction Soderbergh made to attract investors for his first full length film Sex, Lies & Videotape.
2174 ::: Florida Road (2010) ::: In spite of having a heart of gold, Shaan Sahay, (Ashmit Patel) the son of a wealthy Indian family, yearns for his father's love and acceptance. He struggles to pursue his passion for writing much to his family's shagrin as they believe his talent would be better served in the family business.
2175 ::: Spiritual Liberation (2009) ::: Michael Bernard Beckwith's inspiring teachings have been empowering spiritual seekers for more than two decades. Now you can take an intimate walk with the founder and director of Agape International Spiritual Center and witness how he lives his own teachings. Sometimes in life we get more downs than ups, sometimes in life it doesn't take a lot to make a difference in ones life, all we have to do is be what that person needs in their time of need, May that be an ear to listen or a shoulder to cry Upon help thy neighbour ! My spiritual journey started when I was just 9 years old when I had to tackle life's nightmares not many adults would dare to tackle, I grew up thinking I was a nobodie always blaming myself for the selfishness of one man, but then I took this spiritual journey and realised it wasn't my fault I was a victim, the accuser NOT the accused, my new spiritual journey Now starts with me playing parts other actors failed to reach, it's nice to play someone else for the day as it gives me a chance to leave my shoes at home as nobodie ever wants walk in my shoes that's for sure, just remember, what makes us weak at the beginning will sure make us even more stronger and determind in the end. stay focused guys & succeed in what you want to achieve life isn't a race and the one who finishes first isn't the winner, all we gain by rushing through lifes race is the hottest seat on the planet the last supper someone pass the Marmaliade
2176 ::: "The Tony Danza Show" (1997) ::: Tony DiMeo is a sportswriter who also happens to have two daughters. He must rely on his young assistant Carmen to help with...both! She also happens to be the reason why the building doorman Stuey likes these tenants so much.
2177 ::: Dom bez okien (1962) ::: The story is set in a smalltime circus. On the edge of failure, the show is further endangered by a new mime who almost wrecks the operation by destroying the other performers' faith in their talents.
2178 ::: The Ridiculous Department (2009) ::: Howard Steinberger is not your typical Hollywood agent. You won't find him mingling with A-list actors or scrambling to find the next big star. Instead, he deals with clients who are a bit unconventional, or "ridiciculous," as his peers might brand them. Howard's most profitable client is a man by the name of "Rod West", a venerated adult entertainer with an unusually crooked...penis. Armed with an impressive cult following and Howard's relentless dedication, Rod is able to make a respectable living, even off camera. On this particular day, Rod is being interviewed by BBC Television and having his penis cast-molded, so anatomically correct dildos can be sold to Rod West fans all around the world.
2179 ::: Ultimate Spider-Man: Rise of the Goblin (????) ::: Peter Parker(Hunter Stubenbordt) is Living his life as a high school student, and a superhero known as.. The Ultimate Spider-Man!! When ROXXON Targets Spider-Man, They Use Harry Harry Osborn as a distraction so they can kill him, when they force harry to try and get Spider-Man's blood, he fails,and they force him to follow in his father's footsteps..As The Hobgoblin!! Can Peter Survive The Hobgoblin??
2180 ::: The Canvas (2016/II) ::: Art requires concentration, most of the times solitude. This condition is essential to the Sardinian painter Salvatore Garau, as long as he decides to question himself taking a white big canvas (2m x 5m) into the top-security prison of Massama-Oristano. He does not mean to teach prisoners how to paint, but to share creative energy with whom is not used to freedom at all. Before the canvas prisoners may unleash their imagination and induce wonder. The documentary "La tela" follows this challenge, the astonishing discoveries, the inception and the development of a project which shows the power of arts and words. Painting can color bare and dull places like jail.
2181 ::: No Place to Call Home (2015) ::: What's it like to be homeless in Britain today - when you are ten years old? BAFTA-winning film-maker Jezza Neumann follows two families for 18 months, from before they are evicted by their private landlords, through over a year in a homeless hostel and months of sofa-surfing with friends and family. Throughout this ordeal 11-year-old Ellie and 10-year-old JJ remain cheerful and resilient, trying to see what they are going through as an adventure that they will one day look back on and laugh about, once they finally have a home they can call their own once again. But we also see the destructive impact that living with such uncertainty has on young lives, as this film brings to life before our eyes the dry statistics about how children's education, their physical and mental health, and their future chances in life all suffer as a result of homelessness and eviction. Record numbers of low-income tenants are being evicted by private landlords. As a result over 80,000 children are now living in temporary housing in the UK, three quarters of them in London. This sensitive film brings home just how destructive that experience can be.
2182 ::: Wulver (????) ::: After being torn from his Island home and forced into slavery by raiders from across the sea, a fisherman by the name of Wulver must fight for his freedom. But he must also battle something mysterious within himself, a new power and transformation that will either free him, or consume him.
2183 ::: Empty World (????) ::: Teenager , Neil Miller is one of the lucky ones : His young age of 16 , means he survives a deadly virus which empties the world of all adults , leaving an uncertain future where rules are rewritten , friendships are uncertain - even dangerous - and the survival of the fittest has never been deadlier .
2184 ::: Gran Partita (2011) ::: Christina wakes up every morning hearing Mozart's "Gran Partita". At the next apartment lives Anna, with whom she doesn't exchange more than a few words, at times. That particular day they start a conversation, about "Gran Partita", in the elevator.
2185 ::: 2 mafiosi contro Al Capone (1966) ::: Franco and Ciccio, two inept police officers from New York, are sent to Chicago to infiltrate in Al Capone's gang. Thanks to the help of a local policeman and a lot of luck they manage to do just fine but when they are trying to arrest the gang, no reinforcements come...
2186 ::: Bloodline (2004/II) ::: Bloodline is the story of Travis and Henry, two brothers with a sad and violent past. After a camping trip ends in grisly murder, they find themselves in a complex web of rage and revenge. A downward spiral of paranoia begins to take hold as Travis is caught between fantasy and reality.
2187 ::: Banatski trougao (2012) ::: In July 1987 three patients escaped at the same time from three different mental institutions in Kovin, Vrsac and Jabuka. Just after a few hours they were caught in Banat fields, all three gave identical statements about where they were and what they did. This case became one of the most bizarre that ever happened in Serbia and is better known as..
2188 ::: "Sam Dates" (2017) ::: Sam Dates, a D.C. based web-series, is a dark comedy about a young woman who is dating the grim reaper. Through her trials and tribulations in the modern dating world, impulsive yet self assured Sam rediscovers herself through her new relationships, her acceptance of the fragility of life, and her quite literal flirtation with Death himself. Sensitive, curious, and slapstick funny, Sam Dates is a unique look at millennial relationships, romance, rebirth and mortality.
2189 ::: Medalia de onoare (2009) ::: One day Ion, a 75 year old Romanian man, accidentally receives a Medal of Honor for some 'heroic' actions back in WW2, times he barely remembers. The medal forces Ion to reconsider his whole life. Maybe he wasn't all the time a loser. Maybe his life has a meaning. Maybe he means something to his family.
2190 ::: Seulpeodo deonajuma (1970) ::: An orphan, Ha-ryeon, grows up to become the owner of a large oil company. She allows her husband to run her company while she stays home and keeps house. Her husband meets his ex-girlfriend their who is raising his child and they reconcile. Ha-ryeon willingly gives her husband and company up, vowing to start again
2191 ::: "Flat Out" (2013) ::: Go behind-the-scenes with racing's hottest, young talent, 18-year-old Dylan Kwasniewski, as he aspires to make it in the #1 motorsport in America - NASCAR. Despite being only 18 years old, Dylan Kwasniewski is already a force to be reckoned with in the NASCAR world. After becoming the youngest driver to win the NASCAR K&N Pro Series West Championship in 2012, Dylan moved on to the NASCAR K&N Pro Series East and currently pilots the No. 98 Royal Purple/Rockstar Energy Chevrolet for Turner Scott Motorsports. After winning the season opening race at Bristol Motor Speedway, Kwasniewski currently leads the 2013 championship point standings.
2192 ::: Happy Ending (2015/III) ::: Story of a guy of 20 yrs old, who falls in love with a girl of 27 years, doctor by profession and already broke up her first love, on her 27th birthday. Girl hesitates to accept the guy's love due to the age difference but finally falls for his sincerity and true love.
2193 ::: Cré na Cille (2007) ::: This a story about an obsessive hatred that started as a case of jealous rivalry between two young sisters, resulting in a broken heart as Neil got the upper hand on her sister, Caitríona, stealing away from her the man with whom she was in love. Caitríona never forgave her sister, nor would she forgive her as long as she lived, or indeed after that. The hate she has for her sister has consumed her to the extent that it guides her every step, in this world, and in the next!
2194 ::: Tokyo Bicycle Tour (2017) ::: This fun drama involves a group of international tourists on a bicycle tour of Tokyo with an American man as their guide. They stop at famous sites and parks, learn about Japanese culture, and ride through various neighborhoods of Japan's capital city - all while joking and bantering among themselves.
2195 ::: Double Take (2009) ::: Director Johan Grimonprez casts Alfred Hitchcock as a paranoid history professor, unwittingly caught up in a double take on the cold war period. Subverting a meticulous array of TV footage and using 'The Birds' as an essential metaphor, DOUBLE TAKE traces catastrophe culture's relentless assault on the home, from moving images' inception to the present day.
2196 ::: "Unverified" (2017) ::: A FUNNY OR DIE mockumentary series about Andrew, a writer from the UK trying to make it in LA. "UNVERIFIED" satirizes self-involved and entitled white privilege, the struggling artist paradox, and the risk of arrogance in the pursuit of telling stories.
2197 ::: Dirt Roads and Cornfields (2006) ::: Separated by divorce at a young age, two sisters reunite at their childhood home following the death of their father. Crystal Sumner can't get past all the anger she feels toward her mother and the middle of nowhere town she was forced to stay in. Having been raised by their father in New York City, her sister Julia cherishes this time and ingratiates herself in small town life. Going as far as beginning a romantic relationship with Crystal's high school boyfriend, Wyatt.
2198 ::: Coming Home (????/II) ::: It's London, June 2006 and, as the nation prepares for a vital world cup match between England and Sweden the echoes of the London Bombings of 7/7 continue to be felt. Danny, a handsome "patriot", leads a group of English extremists to take Islamic hostages, including someone they are certain was involved in the bombings. They aim to hold their own online execution but the potentially innocent prisoners aren't going to simply accept their fate. When Danny himself starts to have doubts his more hard-line group members aren't ready to back down either...
2199 ::: Dicks (2010) ::: Harry and Walt Johnsonn have to try and learn how to become real private eyes when an actual case is presented to them by LA Times columnist, Trudy Turnbow. Since the only cases they've solved until now are the ones they perpetrated, they must turn to their old friend, LAPD Detective Kate Pozinski for guidance... But, Kate's overly jealous boyfriend (LAPD Detective Garrity) takes an immediate and suspicious dislike to our heroes.
2200 ::: Insane (2016/I) ::: Based on a terrifying series of events, A manifestation of evil that begins to engulf the life of a young couple who just moved into a mansion. Unable to deny the demonic presence any longer, things begin to change... And Not for the Better...
2201 ::: Generosity (2011) ::: Generosity is an in depth look at the issue of homelessness. Through five main characters, the film explores five very different perspectives and asks the viewer to "just how close is anyone to homelessness?" David is a straight-laced fellow who is successful at his job, has many friends and material wealth. After his mother takes ill and he is wrongly accused of embezzlement, his life quickly unravels and he finds himself out on the streets. Chloe is a tortured but spirited teenager who has run away from home. However, friends on the street do not prove reliable and she finds she must resort to the previously unimaginable in order to survive. Sam is charismatic, caring and anti-establishment. Having been homeless for many years, he offers respite to both David and Chloe, and mentors them in the ways of the street. Charlotte is an exhaustively optimistic TV news reporter who will go to any ends to help others and her career. Bob represents all that is wrong with corporate machinery. Driven by his innermost fears, he cuts a disastrous path through the lives of the other characters. In his blind pursuit of power, Bob demonstrates just how much we all have in common with those who must beg for a living. As their stories intertwine, the lines between who is begging, who is dependent and who is good start to blur.
2202 ::: Death of a Terrorist (1989) ::: This was a controversial documentary about the life and death of an IRA woman, Mairead Farrell, by the British SAS in Gibraltar. The centre-piece of the documentary is about Farrell's life and how circumstances drove her to embrace Irish Republican violence that inevitably was to lead to her death and, in some quarters, martyrdom.
2203 ::: "Wunderschön!" (2008) ::: At the Lower Rhine they say, that you can see on Fridays who will come to a visit on Sundays. The area between Wesel and Emmerich is that flat. Hanns Dieter Hüsch, the poet from Moers, said about it, "The Lower Rhine wants to be looked at. And then the big love begins." Her visit leads Tamina Kallert into the old Roman Town of Xanten and to the cultural metropolis of Kleve. A fisherman tells her about the secrets of the Rhine and why the river was always this region's life line.
2204 ::: The Trouble of the Rings 2: The Towers (2003) ::: The second installment of the low-budget parody of Peter Jackson's "Lord of the Rings", filmed in and around Moscow. The Fellowship is broken. To get to Mordor, Frodo and Sam have to employ the services of Gollum, an obviously schizophrenic creature (according to Sam's medical handbook). Meanwhile Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli have to free two captive hobbits from Sarumom's evil clutches. Together with the depressive king Theoden they have to confront her host at Helm's Crap.
2205 ::: Beerfest (2006) ::: After the death of their grandfather Johann von Wolfhause, the brothers Jan and Todd Wolfhouse travel to Munich to fulfill a family tradition, spreading the ashes of Johann during the Oktoberfest. Their contact brings them to a secret beer competition, the Beerfest", where they are offended by Baron Wolfgang von Wolfhausen and the German branch of their family that accuse their great-grandmother of being a prostitute and their grandfather of stealing an old recipe of the best beer in Germany. Jan and Todd returns to USA humiliated and decide to organize a beer team to dispute the next Beerfest. They join Landfill, Barry and Fink and train long the year to participate in the competition. When they find the lost recipe hidden in a dummy, they feel that their German relatives told the truth. But the team is ready for the tough dispute.
2206 ::: "Princess Electronia" (????) ::: Princess Electronia is a science-fantasy/action-comedy series set in a strange, yet familiar universe where Space Witches plot it's conquered worlds and Celestial Hippies fold space to teleport spaceships across the galaxy. It is a live-action cartoon with colorful, over the top villains who battle melodramatic heroes.
2207 ::: China's Christianity (1997) ::: "China's Christianity"or "Christianity in China" is a classic and famous documentary, made by Yangxinlei, aided by Chenyan, both of who come from BBI, China. It includes 3 parts, which is part I of it. The long television documentary takes "Christianity" broadly, across Protestant and Catholicism. Through the panorama of the history and present situation of Christianity in China, the film expounds the difficult process of Christianity coming to China objectively and truthfully, depicting the rituals, customs and situations of Christianity in the different social contexts of Chinese cities and villages. The interview from the authoritative people from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, Beijing Municipal Committee of the Communist Party of China and the Beijing Municipal Committee of the Three-Self Patriotic Movement of the Christianity in Beijing embodied the present situation of Christianity in China today, especially the vice chairman of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference and honorary chairman of the Chinese Christianity Ding Guangxun's appearance, so that the film's heavy sense of history and a sense of sacred mission, but also to its aesthetic value and philosophical thinking greatly enhanced. The film is collected by Theological Seminary in N.Y. City, USA, welcomed by China's and oversea audiences especially and Christians widely and deeply. We spent near 3 years to produce the film from 1995-1997, which contains 3 parts, 9 pieces, 174 minutes, with English and Chinese subtitle.
2208 ::: Being George Clooney (2016) ::: Francesco Pannofino. Martin Umbach. Tamer Karadagli. Marco Antonio Costa. What do all of these men have in common? They are the international voices of acclaimed actor George Clooney. Being George Clooney is a feature length documentary that delves into the creative, often humorous world of audio dubbing a Hollywood motion picture. Just who are these voices behind that famous face? The film explores both the personal lives of these voice artists and their lives as George Clooney's "alter ego". Being George Clooney is the first film to go behind the scenes to dubbing studios in Los Angeles, Berlin, Rome and Mumbai. The film shows us the problems, the processes and the personalities that translate an American hit into an international blockbuster, and asks the question-what is it like Being George Clooney. What is it like being the voice of George Clooney? "Being George Clooney" takes you on a journey into the world of the dubbing of Hollywood films for international markets... and takes you behind the scenes to meet the French, German, Hindi, Italian, Brazilian and Turkish voices of that famous face.
2209 ::: "Real Estate Intervention" (2009) ::: A snapshot of what it's really like to try to sell your home in this real estate market. Following the stories of homeowners who, for various reasons, must sell their home. The homeowners are helped by getting the best, most honest advice in order to help them get it done. And by taking them on house tours, they'll be shown what homes are really selling for in their neighborhood.
2210 ::: Conspiracy (1930) ::: For the last four years Margaret Holt has been helping her brother, assistant D.A. Victor Holt, to try to bring down the dope dealing Schemer Marko gang. Margaret kills Marko (aka 'James Morton') when he discovers she's found evidence to use against him. Looking for someplace to hide out, she flees to a local house for disadvantaged women. Her secret is discovered by gossip columnist John Howell and crotchety old mystery writer Winthrop Clavering, who concoct a plan to try to clear Margaret of the crime and, at the same time, capture the Marko gang, who have since kidnapped Victor and are now hot on Margaret's trail as well.
2211 ::: One Way (2012) ::: ONE WAY follows the character of Stephen, a twenty-five year old trapped in the vices of habit. Returning home from a business trip, Stephen finds that he quickly settles into his old ways and old relationships only to find himself eager for a way out. This coming of age dramedy explores family, friendship and fingers (of the peanut butter and jelly variety).
2212 ::: Juliano (2014) ::: "Juliano" tells the story of the Israeli Jewish-Palestinian actor and political activist Juliano Mer-Khamis, who was murdered in cold blood at the entrance of the "Freedom Theater" which he had founded in the West Bank. The "Freedom Theater" was Juliano's way of trying to build a true ideological partnership between Jews and Arabs and show that theater could be used as a form of resistance and an instrument of overcoming the difficulties of life under occupation. What happens there? That's a different story.
2213 ::: The Horrors of Hussein (2003) ::: Although everyone was aware of the fact that Saddam Hussein was a ruthless dictator who brutalized his countrymen, it only after the 2003 invasion of Iraq that the world began to get a full glimpse of the extent of the terror apparatus that Saddam used to maintain a stranglehold on Iraq. We take a look at how Saddam Hussein grew up to be the head of a gruesome, cold-blooded killing machine, and how his brutality was transmitted to his offspring, Uday and Qusay. An interesting documentary exploring the depth of repression by one of the bloodiest tyrants of the last quarter of the 20th century.
2214 ::: "On the Corner" (1948) ::: Henry Morgan would thumb through copies of the trade newspaper "Variety" turning up the names of the guests, usually little-known nightclub performers and offer comments on the show's sponsor. The sponsor was not amused and canceled the show after five weeks.
2215 ::: Just 2 Days (2001) ::: Just 2 Days is a unique interactive movie where viewers "play" as four different main characters and witness how different decisions lead to different outcomes. Just 2 Days opens in a school parking lot, where an argument between two boys escalates into a deadly clash. The movie investigates what led up to the after school shooting: Trey can't handle a bully and uses a gun to stand up for himself; Eric can't control his anger and pays the price; Scott can stop his friend from fighting but doesn't; and Amanda fails to use her influence to stop the social momentum leading to the showdown. The interactive nature of the movie challenges viewers to find the right decisions to help control this situation, bring an end to the altercation, and discover the winning ending.
2216 ::: Skoryy 'Moskva-Rossiya' (2014) ::: This is a story about a guy who is willing to sell the soul, just to dial million views for your videos on YouTube. On the way to his goal, he turns into a fast train "Moscow - Vladivostokť, where faced with an American actress, suffering aerophobia. On the way strangers expect such adventures that they lag behind the train that trying to catch up, moving our unpredictable and fabulous Mother Russia - After each of them need to be in Vladivostok exactly 7 days - for reasons which they carefully conceal from each other.
2217 ::: How to Be a Prince (2003/I) ::: As William will probably be in his fifties by the time he becomes king, part two looks at how best he might occupy his time while he waits for his future job to become vacant. The most important thing he will have to do before then is find a suitable wife to provide him with an heir. He should also find a suitable job in the interim, however, history shows this is usually far from easy to achieve.
2218 ::: "Reach Around Radio" (2011) ::: Reach Around Radio is a 2-hour uncensored adult comedy show. The hosts are Comedian Speedy, model and tv host Claudia Jordan, radio veteran Felicia "The Poetess" Morris, comedic writer TDP and comedian RT Steckel. Hollywood insider Nikki Pam along with DJ Alwayz complete the line-up. After ending their 5 year stint on Jamie Foxx's The Foxxhole on Sirius/XM, Comedian Speedy invited his former Foxxhole co-hosts Claudia Jordan, TDP, The Poetess and DJ Alwayz to do an Internet radio show. While spending a few hours in a Starbucks trying to figure out a name for the show, TDP finally came up with "Reach Around Radio" after observing Claudia "reaching around" with her long arms to take "selfies".
2219 ::: Mali svet (2003) ::: A prominent doctor wants to commit a suicide. Two cops chose a wrong way while driving down the road. The suspected one believes that he'll never be caught. His pretty wife who works in a confectionery and she's able only to love. One boy will help them all, but he's not even born yet... Just an ordinary day.
2220 ::: Der Bananenkaktus (2004) ::: Michael is a nice guy. Every fall, he helps his neighbor Yvonne carry her cactus from the garden to the attic, and every spring he carries it back down again. Although he doesn't tell Yvonne, he really hates the plant. He was always the one to carry it, he gets stung every time, and it gets heavier and heavier by the month. Just when he looks forward to a calm Sunday at home, he notices it's that time of year again, and Yvonne asks for the favor. Not wanting to ever touch the cactus again, Michael realizes that he has never learned to do one thing: say no.
2221 ::: La Ultima Caida (2011) ::: A young couple of wrestlers is reaching the top of their career when they won the local tag team championship, one of them, Instinto, get a proposal from a big company to reach a bigger opportunity, his ambition and a girl who's in love of the mask will take him to a match against his friend putting all his future in a bet.
2222 ::: Cowboy Spirit (2012) ::: Ted has it all, a great job, a beautiful fiance, and a wonderful life ahead of him, but a twist of fate leads him to rely on the lessons he learned in the summers of his youth with his grandfather - a former champion rodeo cowboy. To save a dying young girl, he must make the ride of a lifetime.
2223 ::: Growing Up Thirty (2005) ::: Everyone has to grow up sometime. For John Lennon (no relation to the famous Beatle) and David Mayhews (whose name sounds a little too close to that other guy in a more famous band) that time is now. John is turning thirty and he's discovering that a lifetime of driving by the love of his life's house is no substitute for the real thing. Meanwhile David is doing everything he can to adjust to the inevitable time when he too must find a real job and possibly give up his dreams of being a rock star. But that isn't proving the easiest thing to do. Both are finding out that life on that road towards the middle is going to take more than a slight adjustment. Growing Up Thirty is a touching comedy for the thirty-something generation that proves that change isn't easy, but that growth demands it
2224 ::: "Super Narcoleptic Girl" (2018) ::: Super Narcoleptic Girl is a comedic web series about a low-level, narcoleptic superhero with the power to make people dance as she struggles to save the day and stay awake. Keelyn Klein and her non-super best friend Lee navigate their day-to-day lives dating, rescuing people and trying to make rent. Discover how being labeled "Super" isn't all it's cracked up to be and that fighting crime pales in comparison to fighting stereotypes and living up to the standard of an overachieving super-family.
2225 ::: Bodysnatchers of New York (2010) ::: Highly cinematic documentary charting a macabre mystery that unfolds as the lives of a handful of starkly different, seemingly unconnected characters are intimately drawn together by a shocking crime involving over a thousand mutilated corpses in a tale of twenty-first century body snatching in the city of New York. Much was written about this notorious crime but little understood about the hidden, yet legal, tissue transplant industry that spawned it...until now. With exclusive access inside maximum-security prison to the man the NYPD labeled "Public Enemy No.1" this film charts how a former surgeon went from saving lives to ripping them apart.
2226 ::: Clair de Lune (2010) ::: The reclusive monk Tristan is witness to the death of a young woman in the forest where he lives. Her death has a big influence on his mental state and exposes his loneliness. He decides to give the deceased woman back to nature by laying her body in the river; his way of saying goodbye to her. This will have profound consequences for himself and the people who live further along the river.
2227 ::: Wisconsin Born & Bred: The Entertainers (2004) ::: A video documentary highlighting the biggest names in Entertainment to come out of Wisconsin. In addition to celebrities interviewed, also highlights Harry Houdini, The Ringling Brothers, Orson Welles, Chris Farley, & Liberace. Watch as the entertainers discuss their childhoods in Wisconsin, their career paths, and offer advice to those who wish to pursue a career in entertainment.
2228 ::: Bob, Carol & Dick (2020) ::: A happily married advertising executive who, after a near-death experience, wakes up to discover he has a new best friend, Dick. Dick appears as a real person on screen but is only seen and heard by Bob and the audience and is, in fact, Bob's penis talking to him - the voice in every man's head that appraises women continually. Dick takes over Bob's life and leads him astray from his secure marital existence.
2229 ::: Crooked Earth (2001) ::: Will Bastion returns home from the army after an absence of 20 years to bury his father, the former chief of thee Maori tribe, Ngati Kaipuku. The eldest son, he is reluctant to inherit his fathers role, so it is taken more willingly by his younger brother, Kahu. Kahu is the leader of a band of drug dealers and trouble-makers who ride horses through the middle of town, wrecking peoples gardens. Under the guise of refusal of a land settlement, Kahu makes a large marijuana deal with some murdering city folk. Will must choose between loyalty for his brother and his father, Maori tradition, and contemporary financial issues.
2230 ::: Boogie (2013) ::: Boogie, a six year old boy steps out of the slums braving the dark with a failing glow stick. Like every other night, he sits patiently by the sidewalk and waits for his 20-year old mother to return from work. The sight of his mother walking down the street always make the boy's heart leap. Seeing his mother back has always been the sweet reward for his waiting. Boogie is a pimp who peddles his own mother in the street of Manila.
2231 ::: Durga Durgatinashini (1981) ::: Durga Durgati Nashini is a family drama that revolves around the subject of religion and the fall and rise of a family. It focuses on the strength of faith and belief and shows the effects in has on people and their lives. There is much emotion and depth throughout and it ends on a happy note that life turns out the way you choose it to be, that it is never too late to turn your fate into happiness.
2232 ::: Natholi Oru Cheriya Meenalla (2013) ::: A cartaker, who writing a story which happening in that flat. Introducing himself as an main character of his story who making troubles with a girl,who always shout with him in real life.But hecan't control his character, while he stops writing. The character moves opposite from what he really want to write. At last his character fell in love with that girl, instead of desturbing. Finally he realise that its all about his mind.
2233 ::: "Lige midt imellem" (2012) ::: Nikolaj's older brother Oliver is 14 years old, he plays music, skateboards and is generally pretty cool. Nikolaj also has a younger brother Tobias. Tobias is 7 years old, he is sweet and someone to look out for. Nikolaj himself is in the middle, and sometimes feels that he is neither one nor the other. But perhaps Nikolaj is really lucky, because he is both a big brother and a younger brother, all at the same time.
2234 ::: Building Faythe (2004) ::: In Building Faythe co-directors Matt Tucker and Bill Tucker follow the often obscure activities of an aspiring Newfoundland-artist as he struggles to complete an ambitious and potentially dangerous public-art project. Exactly how he will accomplish his goals and the exact nature of the project are not reveled until the climax of the film. Troubled relationships with family and friends and a need to prove himself drive him forward; while the law, the weather and his own personality threaten to hold him back.
2235 ::: Once Upon a Time in the Bronx (1994) ::: Two young men who are cousins hang out in the Bronx and later go to Puerto Rico. The film is inter-cut with videos of their performances. Film also includes animation sequences with ghetto "Cabbage Patch" hip-hop dolls.
2236 ::: El Camino Christmas (2017) ::: The project, scripted by Melfi and writer Chris Wehner, is about a young man (Grimes) who seeks out a father he has never met and, through no fault of his own, ends up barricaded in a liquor store with five other people on Christmas Eve. The story takes place in the fictitious town of El Camino, NV.
2237 ::: The Edge of the Possible (1998) ::: Jorn Utzon was awarded the first prize in an international architecture competition to design an Opera House for Sydney. In 1957 he flew to Australia to begin work on the construction of the greatest building Australia has ever seen and, indeed, one of the finest achievements of modern architecture. Utzon was forced from the project in 1966 and has never returned to Australia. What defeated him in the end was politics. This film charts the dramatic course of the creation of a masterpiece and includes a rare interview with Jorn Utzon as he reflects on his role in the compelling story of the conception and construction of the Sydney Opera House.
2238 ::: Metamorphosis A.D. (2017) ::: A Shape Shifter is Killing in the City, The Secret Police who protect the unsuspected Humans from Supernatural threats move in,Only to find out their not the only Hunters after the Shape shifter.A Race against time while they wait for back up, to deal with a more dangerous threat.Bohemian Beaumont Films by Paul Van Beaumont.
2239 ::: Brett Ratner and Dwayne Johnson: An Introduction (2014) ::: The director and actor discuss their longtime passion for the character, Johnson's injury and the resultant threat to the film, and pushing forward with the project. They discuss the movie's path to the screen, Johnson's casting, training and performance.
2240 ::: "The Bunker" (2017) ::: A woman seeks out the truth behind her younger brother's death, believed to be an overdose, and unearths an incredibly intricate operation within an underground rave scene in her small hometown. Going undercover in an effort to delve deeper, she finds herself surrounded by a group of troubled young runaways who could potentially bring her more closure than she ever knew she needed.
2241 ::: Tour Between Two Lovers (2014) ::: Tells the story of any imaginary advertising company doing creative work in the century, his girlfriend Chen Qing farewell, every night he would go to where they had been dating Chen Qing return. Three years did not wait for the return of Chen Qing, but wait until a looming woman and Chen Qing have similarities, Ye Lin, the two at a loss, any one who decided to start a new life. They did not expect any one the next day, one company, we found that Ye Lin is his company new boss.
2242 ::: Kids of Tehran (2017) ::: In Tehran, the capital of Iran and a densely populated metropolis, there are only 50 skaters. They are not explicitly political. Skateboarding is merely their form of rebellion against a rather restrictive life. Riding their boards in the streets they can feel free. They have found their niche within the Iranian public and have an easygoing lifestyle - but in the end, they are pioneers, who made skateboarding their anchor and passion in life. Skateboarding is still a new sport in Iran, which turns skaters into an exotic curiosity, watched skeptically on the streets. Joining two guys, Ali and Erfan, and one girl, Elham, on the skateboard "Kids of Tehran" explores not only the streets of Tehran but also the homes of these three skaters.
2243 ::: Resurrection (2015/V) ::: A young girl gets stranded on a back road just outside of town. She gets raped and the rapist tears her face off! Another girl gets stranded on that same road some time later. Her friends attempt to go find her on that road at night! ... Little do they know what lurks within! A Laguna Films LLC production. all rights reserved
2244 ::: "Chicagolicious" (2012) ::: Series takes viewers to the Windy City to follow AJ Johnson who owns AJ's of Chicago, and whose clientčle includes a who's who of actors and models, including Jennifer Hudson, Angela Bassett and Iman. With his staff of hair stylists and makeup artists, AJ looks to expand his business nationally by servicing more elite clientčle and solidifying his place in Chicago society.
2245 ::: Devir (2007) ::: In DEVIR/TO BECOME different levels of consciousness are represented as a journey from abstraction to reality. Immersed in a dreaming/awake atmosphere, the viewer notices an alternate state of consciousness influenced by the sounds of the surrounding reality. This contamination creates a different comprehension of time and space and a new atmosphere of places and languages.
2246 ::: O Querido Lilás (1987) ::: Beladona was the greatest star, or so she thought. Careless of her rural property, she lived by night countless adventures. From one such nights in the arms of a stage and movie producer, she begot her dear Lilás. Alas, six minutes after birth, the boy was taken from her and declared dead - due to the intrigue of the producer, who didn't want to recognize the child as his. Taken into custody by a surrogate mother, twenty years after the child grew into a man, who starts his education in the very fado (folk song, also meaning destiny) tavern where his real mother is. Beladona is still an attractive woman - and drama is round the corner.
2247 ::: Outlaw Gold (1950) ::: U.S. Marshals Johnny Mack Brown and Sandy Barrett, traveling incognito to investigate the robbery of a shipment of Mexican Government gold, rescue Kathy Martin from an outlaw ambush, after her father Joel Martin, publisher of the Latigo newspaper, has been wounded. Later, Martin is killed, and Bull Jackson, who claims to have seen the crime, accuses Dave of the murder. Dave reveals he is a U.S. Ranger and Sheriff Doss releases him. Roger Bigsby, co-owner of the newspaper and secret leader of the outlaw gang, sends Jackson to ambush Dave, who escapes. Bigsby, learning that Sonny Lang, a notorious gunman once jailed by Dave is being released from prison, sends for him and hires him to get rid of Dave, who is close to discovering that the stolen gold has been cast as newspaper type and shipped east.
2248 ::: The Duct Tape Killer (1998) ::: A beautiful young woman has recurring nightmares of being chloroformed repeatedly and then bound and gagged with duct tape while completely nude. But will the final nightmare be all too real?
2249 ::: Trope (2012) ::: In Trope nature is affected and transformed through abstract videos and sounds symbolizing the ongoing ecological damages occurring on planet Earth. Visuals are created using videos and live editing by Zlatko Cosic. Sound is originally scored by John Consiglio while watching the video. The work that emerged is a result of an improvisational collaboration which evolved into a new phase, live online audio visual performances called KAON.
2250 ::: Corpsicles (2008) ::: Alan aspires to be a human popsicle...literally. For this film is about the weird and wacky world of cryonics. Instead of burial or cremation get yourself put in a freezer, wait a few hundred years, get defrosted and off you go. Just keep your fingers crossed there's not a power cut.
2251 ::: Walk of Legends: Then & Now (2004) ::: One's human endeavor to chase it's dreams to push Man v.s. Machine, and Man v.s. science and technology to its maximum limit in order to win. Thus, a series of questions underlies the film. What makes stock car racing the fastest growing sport? Competition? Speed? Crashes? It's history? Drivers? Fans? What made it soar?
2252 ::: Houseful (2009) ::: Nikhil Banerjee's films are a disaster at the box office and at the festival circuit. Yet, he watches his own film at an empty theatre as the theatre owner threatens to pull the film away on the day following its release. Creditors make threatening calls and a bank's henchmen cart his car away as he remains silent, carrying cans of his film from the theatre in local trains with his distributor for company. As he bags a shady producer for his new film on the condition that he will have to cast the girl the producer tells him to, he discovers to his surprise, that the story of his earlier film is actually being replicated in real life. Nikhil (Prosenjit Chatterjee), the battling overseer associated with Bengali artwork movies is within serious straits in the end their movie washout and also the cinemas won't display their movies. Their individual existence is actually sin shambles as well as he's defaulted upon a number of their obligations. Their helper requires him to create an industrial movie about the outlines of the Tamil movie to bring back their profession. He chooses towards this for the moment as well as chooses to create their own movie through switching maker themselves because he's were able to persuade their dad in order to home loan their property.He gets the phone from the guy eventually that choose to supply him or her having a financier, however in come back he or she would need to have a heroine from the man's option. Nikhil concurs plus they begin capturing using the woman Sujata much better referred to as Nandita (Rimjhim Gupta). A number of explosions occur within the town and also the primary charged Subhash that experienced supplied Nikhil using the financial as well as he's additionally Sujata's sweetheart. Sujata can also be imprisoned within because of span of period which movie additionally fulfills using exactly the same destiny such as their additional movies. Nikhil lastly chooses to create an industrial movie about the outlines of the Tamil movie.
2253 ::: "Married (After All)" (2016) ::: Lena Krapivina is in her late thirties, and she desperately wants to get married. But all her fiancés run away before the wedding. Lena's attempts to create a family ended fatally and ridiculously. A close friend convinces her that there is some kind of curse. Our heroine visits a fortune teller and finds out that the curse really exists: it is a punishment for Lena who she unwittingly destroyed three girls' happiness. Now, to get rid of the curse, Lena will have to to make these girls happy again - to help them find their love. She is ready for this quest. But first of all Lena will have to find those girls...
2254 ::: An Aerial Acrobat (1910) ::: Most wonderful indeed are the leaps of this performer in the air. On two or three occasions we hold our breath in terror for her life. But she smilingly goes on doing the most daring things, never seeming to realize that she is twenty or thirty feet away from terra firma and that the slightest miscalculation on her part would mean a horrible death. Graceful and dainty, she goes through her performance and though enjoyable, the spectator breathes a sigh of relief as she slides down the rope and is safe on Mother Earth once more.
2255 ::: "People Do the Craziest Things" (1984) ::: A somewhat mean-spirited takeoff of Candid Camera where hidden cameras are used on unsuspecting, average people that are set up by the producers into embarrassing and uncomfortable situations. In this episode the host Burt Convey wearing a New York City Police uniform is flagging down motorist who suspect they at going to be ticketed for a driving infraction, but in fact after being observed they are surprised that they are receiving a 'good driver award' presented by NYC Transportation Commissioner Anthony Ameruso.
2256 ::: Grampa's Monster Movies (1988) ::: Grampa introduces a collection of horror and science fiction movie clips of some of Hollywood's most classic horror and science fiction movies. Between 1988 and 1989 Amvest Video release four direct to video Grampa titles - "Grampa's Silly Scaries", "Grampa's More Silly Scaries", "Grampa's Sci-Fi Hits", and "Grampa's Movie Monsters". On 7 September 2004, This movie was released on DVD by Amvest Video.
2257 ::: Lian ai de tian kong (1994) ::: Story 1: A superstitious girl who would only marry her 29th boyfriend. The 29th boyfriend is impotent. Story 2: A promisurous girl whose husband is in jail comes home one day. Story 3: A lesbian refusing to become straight Story 4: A beautiful woman who only likes men that belong to others for the challenge. Until she falls in love.
2258 ::: 313 (2008) ::: For thousands of years, scholars, mystics and philosophers have marvelled over The Messiah, The Prophecised Saviour of Mankind...The Mahdi; who will bring back to the world the dying values of truth, peace and justice. Following the tragic death of his older brother, troubled seventeen year old Layth Ali finds himself on the wrong side of the law and soon discovers his only way out is his hard-line orthodox Principal, AliHusain Hakimi - Head of The Islamic College. Given only two weeks to complete an assignment on a subject the young rebel refuses to believe in, Layth seeks the help of Mohsin, an unusual, mystical Shaykh, who catapults him into a world of spiritual discovery, faith and understanding.
2259 ::: Bounty Hunter Vixens: Carnal Enchantment (2003) ::: Iris (Atsuko Okamoto) is determined to slay the person who killed her father - but an old and immortal enemy traps her first! Nursed to health by a kind and sexy sorceress and her brother, Iris recovers. When the sexy and villainous witch, Dakini, summons malicious spirits to threaten the village, Iris and her new friends must use all their powers to struggle against their common enemy.
2260 ::: Marley Neck Road (2014) ::: The town of Glen Burnie, Maryland has a house that has been abandoned and forgotten by most. Story has it that this house is haunted by an apparition that will not rest. Two amateur documentary filmmakers go to the house to find some truth. What they find, they will never forget.
2261 ::: America Brown (2004) ::: Ricky Brown (Ryan Kwanten) is a high school youth in Texas who knows nothing about the outside world for his was raised his entire life to follow the West Texas tradition of playing football on the gridiron. Ricky desperately tries to find a direction with his life as well as try to shake off the troubled memory of his older brother's recent death in order to avoid the pressure of him to play as his school's top star. Fleeing from the pressures of his small town as well as his mother (Karen Black), Ricky travels to New York City where he shacks up with his former mentor John Cross (Hill Harper), who is now a Catholic priest of a small church. Ricky also meets Vera (Natasha Lyonne) a free-spirited young woman who works as a diner waitress who he hopes to help him find direction. At the same time, Ricky also becomes acquainted with Rosie (Élodie Bouchez) a young Frenchwoman who has a "special relationship" with John that may have lasting consequences for John and Rosie.
2262 ::: I nostalgos (2005) ::: Anna, married to a husband much older than she, longs to see her island, which is right across the island she lives. She has never visited it again since her marriage. Thus, she persuades Mathio, a young shepherd to take her there with a 'borrowed' boat. He accepts, hoping for a romantic adventure. However, all she wants is to see her island. Her husband follows her ...
2263 ::: Doktor Judym (1975) ::: A young doctor from the lower classess is helped in his career by a rich woman. When he comes back from study in Paris he takes a job at a watering spa. He comes up against the owners when he tries to help the poor.
2264 ::: Cannibals and Crampons (2002) ::: In 2001, two British ex army officers set out to climb the unscaled face of Mandela--a remote mountain rising 15,400 ft. above the jungles of New Guinea. This is the extraordinary story of their trek through some of the world's most unexplored terrain.
2265 ::: The Last Ridge: The 10th Mountain Division (2007) ::: A compelling one-hour documentary recounts the true mission impossible of the U.S. Army's 10th Mountain Division during WWII. After backbreaking training, the legendary alpine fighting force was sent to dislodge the entrenched Germans on Italy's mountaintops. The rest is history. The 10th turned the tide for the Allies in Italy, revolutionized winter mountain warfare, transformed winter sports and inspired a new generation of soldiers.
2266 ::: Demon's Kiss (2002) ::: While on an exploratory research trip into the jungles of South America, the beautiful Teresa Burns in bitten by a strange creature. Upon returning home Teresa starts to change - she is more aggressive, with heightened senses and an uncontrollable passion. The mysterious bite has inflicted her with the lust of a wild woman and the killer kiss of a demon. Teresa's boyfriend Paul is detained as the prime suspect of several mysterious murders. He informs the police about his girlfriend's strange behavior since their return and that it is she who is responsible for the murders. As Teresa's passion grows stronger, so does her bloodlust. Soon the demons within her take over, pushing her to the edge of sanity.
2267 ::: Deux fereshté (2003) ::: In the countryside of Iran, a poor fifteen year-old boy, called Ali, has frictions with his violent and retrograde religious father, Hussein. When Ali meets a shepherd playing Nay in the field, he falls in love with the music and steals the musical instrument from the man. He tells his mother that he is interested in leaning how to play the Nay and his mother sends him to a music school in Tehran. The naive Ali befriends the wealthy student of Daf Azar, who is also enthusiastic about music. When Hussein discovers that his son is playing the Nay, his stupidity leads the family to a tragedy.
2268 ::: I tempi felici verranno presto (2016) ::: A valley, a mountain, a forest between Italy and France. Tommaso and Arthur have managed to escape and live in the forest. Years later the forest is infested with wolves. A legend talks about a wolf and a girl. Nowadays Ariane comes back to the forest. Is she the girl of the legend, in this valley where wolves seem almost human?
2269 ::: "Addicts & Animals" (2012) ::: Addicts & Animals' hero, Phil Aguilar, aka Chief, has made it his mission to help drug addicts, but he does it his way. He and his family run an in-home sobriety program that uses the responsibility and joy of pet ownership as a means for recovery. Once a heroine addict himself, Chief swoops up addicts from the doorsteps of Hell and helps them get their lives back, with the help of a few tail-wagging companions.
2270 ::: Het Leven is Ergens Anders (2006) ::: A portrait of the occupants of the Peperklip in Rotterdam, a huge apartment block that, seen from above, looks like a paperclip. The residents in the film are all waiting for their lives to take a turn. Waiting for another house, returning health, a work permit for Australia or the right to see a son.
2271 ::: Venus in Bont (1974) ::: Black and white TV adaptation of the opening dream sequence adapted from the novel of Count Leopold van Sacher-Masoch starring the noted Dutch authoress Pamela Koevoets, whose previous years as an actress included the role of Venus.
2272 ::: The Ruse of the Rattler (1921) ::: Henry Morgan advances the money to defend Bud Sanderson who is arrested for stealing cattle, in return for securing an option on the Sanderson ranch. Morgan hires "The Rattler" to evict the Sandersons from their ranch, but when he meets Helen Sanderson and discovers the injustice of Morgan's demands, he refuses to carry out his orders. Helen, suspecting Morgan of shady dealing, follows Bud, who has escaped from jail, to a desperadoes' hangout. The Rattler holds up the gang and forcibly carries Bud off to jail, where he will be safe. Misunderstanding The Rattler's motives, Helen sells the ranch to Morgan, who delivers false money to Helen. The Rattler pursues, and both are caught in a train wreck. Morgan, mortally injured, clears Bud, and The Rattler, though wounded, is urged to recovery by Helen's love.
2273 ::: Charles Lindbergh: The True Story (2005) ::: The project portrays the most famous pilot of all time in a completely new light. It reveals Lindbergh's secret double life and role as U.S. agent in post-war Europe for the very first time. The film combines all elements of a great investigative documentary with the emotional tragedy of a love story, damned to secrecy.
2274 ::: Profile of a Killer (2012) ::: The H-61 Killer is leaving a trail of skeletons across the Northern Mid-West. With police baffled, a retired FBI profiler is called in to assist. A seer of the criminal psyche, Saul Aitken ('Gabriele Angieri' (qv)) detects an incipient game. Only to find himself at the center as he's abducted from his hotel. With the profiler as his captive, the killer reveals himself as a teenager named David ('Joey Pollari' (qv)). Ruthless, resourceful and clever, he challenges Aitken to a battle of wits; he must employ the science of profiling to stop David from killing again. Meanwhile the task force builds a trail with the help of FBI Special Agent, Rachel Cade ('Emily Fradenburgh' (qv)). With her own kind of ruthlessness, she fights to avenge the victims but now she must do so with a hostage in the equation. The cat and mouse reaches a climax as David lashes out at the authorities. Now facing their wrath, his game begins to unravel. But he still has the profiler as his hostage... and every game needs a final round.
2275 ::: Witness Protection (2006) ::: Kobe, a reluctant witness, is placed in the care of Karl who is ordered to make her comfortable, keep her safe and, above all, not to let her escape. The beautiful brunette has other ideas, and her protector is forced to rope, shackle and gag her for her own protection.
2276 ::: "The Wonderland Murders" (2018) ::: Hidden amongst the rolling mountains and deep forests of the pacific northwest sits a breeding ground for one of the deadliest terrains in the world. Known as a serial killer's playground, this land once dubbed "Wonderland" due to its grandeur and summer beauty, washes away into nine dreary months of rain that bring gray skies and a falling mist that drives the demons among us to kill. These are THE WONDERLAND MURDERS.
2277 ::: Aamhi Jato Amuchya Gava (1968) ::: Shridhar Pant is an honest and kind hearted businessman who lives happily with his wife Laxmi and daughter Vaijayanti. However, Shridhar Pant's partner Shamrao Khapartonde takes advantage of his trusting nature. He advances some business loans to Pant and tricks him into signing everything he owns as mortgage. Khapartonde now threatens to ruin Pant if he does not agree to the marriage of his daughter to Khapartonde's mentally challenged son. Meanwhile, Santaji, Dhanaji and Sayaji land up at Pant's doorstep. They explain to Pant that they are travelers and Pant offers to put them up at his house for a few days. It so happens that these men are hardened criminals who are on the run after escaping from prison. The real reason for their arrival is to rob Pant of his wealth. But once they live in his house, they learn of the troubles that have befallen Pant. The criminals have a change of heart and decide to set things right.
2278 ::: Velkommen hjem (2002) ::: A warm, charming and entertaining documentary about several first or second generation immigrants living in Oslo and Bergen. You will among others meet an immigrant on skis, an African woman living in Bergen who refuses to be buried any other place than her native Tanzania, a Norwegian army recruit from Sri Lanka, an Afghan business woman and a drug-addict of Norwegian-African heritage. Welcome Home flips your assumptions of immigrants upside-down whilst being a different take on the term 'home'.
2279 ::: Apache (1954) ::: Following the surrender of Geronimo, Massai, the last Apache warrior is captured and scheduled for transportation to a Florida reservation. Instead, he manages to escape and heads for his homeland to win back his girl and settle down to grow crops. His pursuers have other ideas though.
2280 ::: CASA of NJ: I Need Someone (2013) ::: New Jersey's Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA) volunteer to support at risk children as they navigate the foster care system. These CASA volunteers provide the guidance, support and voice for the child to ensure that they get the services they need, are safe and are placed in a nurturing home. Every foster child can benefit from a CASA volunteer. The child in this film needs someone to stand up for her.
2281 ::: L'Amour au temps de la guerre civile (2014) ::: Alex is a young addict who sells his body in Montreal. He's flanked by Bruno, Simon, Jeanne, Eric and Velma, all of them caught in the same spiral of compulsion. Hostage to society's market logic, they are the fallen angels of a dark and violent time.
2282 ::: Shallow Grave (2015) ::: On 19 September 1996 a 43 year old businessman disappeared without a trace. He was sent to collect money for his brother and was not seen since. Police were of no help to the family, suggesting that he may have ran off with the money and another woman. But his family refused to believe the police's story. For eight years his daughter struggled to find out what exactly happened to her father. In 2004 she raised enough money and hired a private investigator. Within 4 days Botha discovered what police were unable to for 8 years - the remains of Alec Steenkamp, buried in a shallow grave in the back yard of a house in Brixton.
2283 ::: Utrpení mladého Bohácka (1969) ::: Tóna Bohácek ('Pavel Landovský (I)' (qv)) has been a great worry to his mother, Mrs Bohácková ('Stella Zázvorková' (qv)). All his friends equal in age are already married and some of them even have children - only Tóna still has nothing. Mother Bohácková thus publishes an ad in the Lonely Hearts column on behalf of her son. From among the girls who responded, she picks out Janicka, a girl from the neighboring village, and then forces Tóna to go to have a look at her and bring her home. The date of the two young people, however, does not turn out well due to the embarrassment on both sides, and Tóna returns home drowning in the feeling of ridiculousness. On the way, he picks up hitchhiker Kveta ('Regina Rázlová' (qv)) from Prague. Only then, he realizes that the mother with her festive dinner is waiting for him and Janicka at home and thus asks Kveta to substitute for the girl from the ad.
2284 ::: Stone & Ed (2008) ::: It's just another hazy morning for Stone & Ed until they unwittingly discover that they aren't actually brothers so they set out on a quest for the truth-they encounter a beautiful blonde in handcuffs, get tangled up with the largest Mexican drug dealer, and the sloppiest spooks the CIA has ever trained, along with a cast of zany characters all after the same thing...getting Stone & Ed. It's just another hazy day for STONE and his brother ED until they unwittingly discover they may not be brothers after all! With the help of their techno-savvy neighbors JEFF and PHILLIP GUY, "The Guys," Stone and Ed set out on a quest to find Stone's mother, JANE DOE. After the first two Jane Does on their list don't turn out to be the one, the two less than genius brothers make their way to Mexico, and to the last Jane on the list. Along the way, this wacky duo encounters a cast of zany characters and one, out of this world adventure. By the time its all over Stone & Ed will have found their way into the middle of a dangerous game of cat and mouse between Mexico's largest drug lord, SENOR GORDO, and the CIA's most incompetent agents to ever leave Langley; THE MAN IN THE YELLOW HAT and his little partner, CURIOUS JORGE. Between mistaken identities of cases, and cases of mistaken identities, Stone & Ed are in for the trip of their lives.
2285 ::: Tukso (2007) ::: The mysterious death of a young village lass leads to the investigation of those who knew her and what they may have to gain from her death. Told from the perspectives of the different characters, the film examines how one's view may lead to varying interpretations of the same incidents.
2286 ::: Zydeco Road (????) ::: When a Cajun/Creole musician plays an accordion in the Louisiana bayou, it will set of an infinite chain reaction on the nearest juke joint dance floor. In Zydeco Road the film, the reverberations of the music radiating through dance audiences, is tracked in the farthest west Louisiana parish...Los Angeles. Beneath the Hollywood sign, emerges a free-form portrait of shared musical passion. Dance floor interviews, archival film and live performances all frame the Cajun/Creole music traditions as Louisiana ex-pats and new music fans crowd the dance floor. Zydeco, required by law is to dance until the human spirit is totally intoxicated. The film explores the connected and varied styles of power house Louisiana and Texas players, with West Coast/Louisiana roots musicians all sharing the stage. They shape the constantly evolving forces of tradition and change of Americana roots music that is echoed in the sound chamber outside of Louisiana. You don't just listen to a Cajun/Creole band, you get out in front of it. If you don't have rhythm, you'll find it.
2287 ::: Asylum (2007/IV) ::: A stamp granting an asylum is never enough for this innocent victims of Darfur. Ayeesha, a young woman and a brave survivor has to come to terms with the loss of her child, her own sexual abuse and many other atrocities which lurk in her mind pushing her to contemplate suicide.
2288 ::: Qing hong (2005) ::: In the 1980s, encouraged by the government, a large number of families leave Chinese cities to settle in the poorer regions of the country, in order to develop local industry. The film's main character is a 19 years old girl who lives in the Guizhou province, where her parents have settled. That's where she has grown up, where her friends are and where she first experiences love. But her father believes that their future lies in Shanghai. How can they all keep on living together when they don't share the same dreams ?
2289 ::: Michigan Football Memories (2004) ::: Michigan Football Memories tells the story of the players, coaches, band members, fans, and broadcasters who, for the last 125 years, have made up one of the country's most respected collegiate football programs. While this may appear to be a story about football, it's really about much more. What does it take to become a champion? How do you become a better athlete, a better person, than you thought you were ever capable of being? This documentary asks these questions, and discovers answers that are just thrilling and unforgettable as any fame ever played at U of M's "Big House".
2290 ::: That One Amazing Movie (2016) ::: Psychologically troubled and near suicidal Steve Keller(himself), Drew Martin (Alec Vanowen) and Matthew Scotts (Juan Gomez) are three ex-computer hackers turned virtual reality designers. To outlive their past, these three aim to pitch their HMD, the Hyper Mental Homeboys which are cutting edge portable virtual reality headsets to the prestigious trade-show ITS 3. Their hopes are if they manage to find backers to invest in them, they'll be successful and their lives will turn around for the best. Things get even more interesting when three models enter their lives. The ladies need computer hackers to hack into Cinatas Yenom Media and shut them down for good. Why? Oh, that's simple Cinatas Yenom Media is planning to take over the world using viruses disguised as photo-realistic swimsuit models. Highly reluctant, the guys agree to help the girls, as long as they raise the money to get to ITS since hey, getting the girls in this story has to wait. Now the trio must use the HMH and enter the virtual realm to battle Cinatas Yenom Media and Yuna who's an unstable AI. Luckily they won't be alone because for the first time ever in this hybrid movie between animation and live action, all Veon Prism Media characters from 1987 to present will be lending a hand.
2291 ::: Smile Now Cry Later (2013) ::: Mickey Jones is an all-American rockabilly, complete with slicked-back hair and smokes rolled in his sleeve. Yet, behind his cool demeanor he is plagued by an abusive past. Enter Laura Pecheco, a stunning, sexy Latina from East LA, with a clear head and a sharp wit who turns Mickey's head, freezing his world for an instant. Unfortunately, however, she comes with a dark past that has the power to destroy everything she loves. Little do they know, their destinies have been woven together and it was only a matter of time before the coming events would unfold. As the two draw closer, their worlds and pasts collide wreaking havoc on their relationship, and it is only in the final seconds when fate,written long ago, will reveal itself.
2292 ::: The Unloved (2009) ::: Lucy is eleven years old. Having been neglected by her estranged mother and father, she is placed in a children's home. Through her eyes, we follow Lucy's struggle to cope with the system. Her saving is her self-belief and her certainty that she is being watched over and protected by the holy spirit. Hers is a heroic quest for love, beauty and transcendence. With a barebones narrative and a visual depth of compassion, this is the life of a young child, any child, caught up in the British care system. Seen through the eyes of an eleven-year-old girl, this, a child's journey and first steps into a wider world. Her desire for recognition is both low on dialogue and high on sentimental empathy of how the physical and emotional abandonment of both parent, and an indifferent system and their respective responsibilities, can isolate and do harm.
2293 ::: The Greek (2017) ::: The story of 27-year-old Vaggelis Chatzis starts in Athens where he was born with a tumor in his hand. Shortly after his family makes the harrowing journey to the US to save his life. Doctors determine 3-month-old Chatzis requires a vital operation. He manages to survive the dangerous surgery that results in the removal of his right arm. Always dreaming to become a Greek warrior, Vaggelis grows up in a rough neighborhood, and surrounded by gangsters, his only way out was to join their endeavors. Facing intense bullying, and experiencing his best friends death he turns violent, 'giving it back.' One day he walks into a boxing gym and tries the impossible, boxing with one arm. He falls in love with the sport, and decides to leave his dark past behind and become the first one-armed pro boxer in the world. Today, Chatzis is at his optimum physical condition headlining some of the biggest boxing events in Greece and proving that anything is possible. Among his accomplishments are 4 wins in professional boxing matches and the No Limits title belt.
2294 ::: Before It's Too Late: The Zoos (1993) ::: Thousands of species could become extinct in the near future, as human activities threaten their natural habitats. The Zoos looks at the last-ditch efforts to save many of these species from extinction and preserve global biodiversity. This beautifully shot production provides a portrait of many of the species that are being threatened - from parrots, turtles and beluga whales, to the Arabian onyx - and focuses on the efforts of scientists to breed them in captivity. Linked by a computer network, 400 zoos and aquariums worldwide are working together on captive breeding programs. Efforts in New York, San Diego, Australia and England are among those profiled. The extent to which scientists must go to help a growing number of endangered species survive provides striking testimony to human impact on the environment. Even if many of these species are successfully bred in captivity, the video warns that a growing number may never be introduced into the wild, as their habitats have disappeared.
2295 ::: The Notes of Life (????) ::: Happy-go-lucky checkout girl Jess, finds unlikely companionship in her 71 year old neighbour, Richard. His explosive temper, triggered by the frustrations of his developing Parkinson's, coupled with the ghosts of Jess' past will test them both in a tale of a heart warming and unorthodox friendship.
2296 ::: Murder Times Seven (1990) ::: For the third time, Lieutenant Janek is forced to face alone a difficult case, which has some brutal murders that way involving some bigwigs of the underworld. The case is complicated by the fact that one of the victims is his friend Ray Kiley. During the investigation Janek finds out that Kiley worked for counterintelligence.
2297 ::: Os Inquilinos (2009) ::: Valter goes to night school. Iara, his wife, says that the new tenants don't work, that they're probably criminals. Nobody knows where they're from, Iara tells him that they bring women home and cuss all the time. The young guys on the street want to fight it out with them, Valter wants to get some sleep. He doesn't have a gun, he's got a young daughter and son, is at work the whole day, doesn't see what is going on in the neighborhood, hears what his wife tells him, hears the loud music and laughter next door, in the early morning. And can't get any sleep. Who's going to die? Valter doesn't have a clue. In a poor community close to a slum in Săo Paulo, the hard worker Valter raises his son Diogo and his daughter Fernanda with his wife Iara in the house built by his family. Valter informally works carrying frozen boxes without legal rights and studies at night aiming to be a nurse someday and have a better life. However, his life turns upside-down when Consuelo, who is the ex-wife of his next-door neighbor Dimas, rents her share of their house to a gang of smalltime criminals. Iara presses Valter to take an attitude against their new neighbors that bring women for parties and the loud music does not allow them to sleep. When Valter is near a breakdown, the gang is forced to leave the house. But Consuelo will rent the house to new tenants.
2298 ::: Tortillas Again? (2006) ::: While living with his tight-knit family, a Latino construction worker plays the lottery religiously twice a week with hopes of striking it rich. Forgetting about his ticket, he puts it in his shirt pocket and his mother-in-law does his laundry. But when his numbers are drawn, will his dreams of easy money be washed away? Twice a week, Alejandro (Anthony Flores), a construction worker, plays the same lottery numbers and always loses. One day after buying his latest lottery ticket, he stuffs it in his pocket and then tosses his shirt into the washing machine at home. But Alejandro's ticket has the winning number.
2299 ::: Franziska (1996) ::: Franziska is a hand-made blow-up - single Super 8 frames are fixed into windows cut in 16mm black and white film... The flickering, emphasized by alternating picture/no picture, brutally chops apart the flowing continuity of the original take, but has the simultaneous effect of gently stretching the time component of human movement in the picture.
2300 ::: Koshish (1972) ::: Romantic drama spaning nearly 20 years involving a deaf-mute couple, Haricharian and Aarti. Deaf and dumb bicycle messenger Haricharian meets equally deaf Aarti, and persuades her to go to sign language school to communicate with her mother and brother. The courtship leads to marriage and ultimately a child born to them. Years later, after the death of Aarti from a brief illness, Haricharian's teenage son tries to deal with the after effects as well as his history of being raised by two deaf parents when he begins courting another young girl who also happens to be deaf. Haricharan Mathur delivers newspapers on his bicycle and lives a poor lifestyle in Bombay, India, just like millions of other Bombayites. But for Haricharan there is a difference - he is both deaf and dumb. One day he comically collides with equally deaf-mute, Aarti, and both fall in love and get married. Soon they give birth to a son, who is normal, much to the relief of his parents. One rainy night, their house gets burglarized by Aarti's brother, Kanu, who leaves the door open, and also steals Hari's bike. The child ventures out in the rain, and subsequently dies, leaving both Aarti and Hari devastated. Their lives get turned upside down, as Hari is unable to deliver newspapers anymore, and must find other means of employment to survive. He does so by polishing shoes. In this manner they survive, and give birth to yet another son, and name him Amit. Hari and Aarti are thrilled that Amit is able to hear and speak, and would like him to study and find a better job. Will Aarti and Hari's dreams be fulfilled? How will Amit turn out?
2301 ::: "Wai Tan Jing Shi" (2013) ::: The drama source by thousands real stories that Shanghai outstanding community police help and serve people. The main line of the drama is elder police officer Xingguo Ma and Yi Lu trained 3 new police, The drama show us the police officer faced of the rapid development and society changes, dare to break through the themselves, have ability to cooperate and take responsibility.
2302 ::: "Fiat Chrysler de México: historia de una nueva tradición" (2016) ::: On January 1, 2014 the Italian firm Fiat announced the total acquisition of Chrysler, establishing Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) as the seventh leader manufacturer of the automotive industry. American Chrysler arrived in 1938 to Mexico under the name of Automex and gained popularity on the Mexican streets and on the tracks with its Valiant Acapulco and Dodge Coronel among other models. On the other hand, Fiat one of the most successful European car manufacturers had been in Mexico for a brief period in the 1950s and returned with all its drive by 2004. Today FCA, the heir of these two great legacies, is becoming the new trend in automotive tradition.
2303 ::: Life's Pendulum (1917) ::: Hazel, a girl who has been living a vile life, becomes tired of it, and seeks an honorable position as maid. The leader of the gang to which Hazel had belonged, was Dart, known as the Earl of Sair when moving about in better society. This fellow had managed to gain the confidence of the wealthy family for whom Hazel worked. He also won the hand of Betty, their daughter. Betty's brother, Bob, is a goodhearted fellow. Hazel falls in love with him. Bob is impressed with the new maid, unaware of her former mode of life. Hazel, familiar with the latest of Dart's intrigues, is terrified when she meets her recent companion in crime posing as a nobleman and deceiving a good but vain girl. Dart tries to win Hazel back as his confederate. Failing, he threatens that he will send her brother to jail if she reveals his identity. Knowing the pain and shame that her family would have to endure, and the probability of losing the man she loves, and her brother, if she informs the authorities, she adopts a clever scheme. Seeing that Betty is entering the room, she allows Dart to kiss her. The sister tells Robert. Dart returns to his old haunts and shortly afterward is killed in a fight with the police. Robert reads in the papers of Dart's double life and he shows the paper to Hazel. She can no longer restrain her emotion. She explains why she allowed Dart to caress her. Robert forgives her, and happiness follows for all.
2304 ::: Forgotten on Sinjar (2018) ::: Forgotten on Sinjar: The story of the Yazidi Genocide, will center on the overlooked and almost forgotten genocide of the Yazidi people. It will shed light on a remarkable story of Christians, Muslims and Jews, who came together to save women and children that the world had forgotten.
2305 ::: Billy Was a Deaf Kid (2009) ::: Archie has made a discovery that will change the world forever. A toy radio. Archie's brother Billy, is deaf. So, Archie duct tapes the radio to his head, to help him explore a world full of sound. Sophie is Archie's girlfriend. Archie thinks he is in love with Sophie, but Sophie is not sure they know what love is. They spend their time waxing each other's noses, deciding if getting slapped is worse than getting spit on, and arguing about anything that's not worth arguing about. Then one day, Archie decides to steal Billy fare and square from their repressive sister. Sophie decides to go along for the ride. The adventure that follows will force them to seriously consider: Do relationships rely on riding couches through automatic car washes? Is a toy radio really the cure to deafness? Is it legal to throw dead animals in dumpsters? Finding the answers to these important questions makes Archie, Sophie and Billy examine their relationships in ways they never thought possible.
2306 ::: The Film Peddler (2011) ::: 'The Film Peddler' offers a humorous and revealing glimpse into the life of John Shipp, a man who at one time with his associates controlled over half of independent film distribution in the USA. When not hobnobbing with celebrities like Clint Eastwood and George Burns, or making sure that Paul Newman had enough beer in his hotel suite, John was amassing a fortune while at the same time producing, in his own words, "Some of the worst movies ever put to film". Enduring financial ruin and personal hardship, John later came out on top again in ways he never could have imagined. And he did it all with a chuckle from his heart and a smile on his face, embarking on a remarkable and inspiring journey that spanned nearly fifty years in the film industry.
2307 ::: Santa, Baby! (2001) ::: Songwriter Noel is struggling to write a hit song, and so he takes his frustrations out on his family. His daughter Dakota is granted one wih for doing a good deed and she wishes that her daddy will write a hit song. There is a sub-plot about kindness to animals that has almost nothing to do with the main story.
2308 ::: "SketchWork TV" (2011) ::: Two guys come across a strange abandoned telephone box in a garden which seems to have the ability for time travel. This device is somehow flawed as it will only allow you to travel random short distances resulting is some very funny moments
2309 ::: Ang babae sa septic tank (2011) ::: Jocelyn, Rainier, and Bingbong are three film school graduates who are dead set on making an Oscar-worthy film. They set out to do a quick pre-production as a courtesy call to their lead actress played by Eugene Domingo, and a through inspection of their film's major location, the Payatas dumpsite. They believe they have a winning script, and the energy and drive to make their dreams come true, no matter what the cost.
2310 ::: Hitman's Run (1999) ::: A former mob hitman, now in witness protection, is forced to come out of retirement when his family is threatened by his cohorts. He teams up with a skateboarding kid, who has a computer disk that the mob wants to get their hands on that has a list of new names for individuals in the FBI witness protection program. The list includes his dad, who separated from his mother years before and hadn't been seen since.
2311 ::: Doctor Detroit (1983) ::: Clifford Skridlow teaches at a small Chicago college run by his father. Conned into managing four prostitutes by their pimp, who skips town to escape the mob boss known as Mom, Clifford draws on his course in medieval literature in his quest to save the women from Mom.
2312 ::: Santee (1973) ::: Jody Deakes joins up with his father after many years, only to discover that his dad is part of an outlaw gang on the run from a relentless bounty hunter named Santee. Jody is orphaned soon after Santee catches up to the gang, and follows Santee in hopes of taking vengeance for his father's death. Instead, however, Jody discovers that Santee is a good and loving man, tormented by the death of his young son at the hands of another outlaw gang. Santee and his wife take Jody in and a father-son relationship begins to grow. Then the gang that killed Santee's son shows up.
2313 ::: Hiss Dokhtarha Faryad Nemizanand (2013) ::: Shirin (Tannaz Tabatabayi) has two unsuccessful experience in marriage. In her third engagement, she faces with a psychological crisis and tries to get rid of it by reminding her dark days in childhood. When she had been harassed and humiliated by a man who was her mother's ... Shirin, an eight (8) year old girl in Iran, faces neglect and indifference from her parents as she is abused, ravaged by an event that marks her for years. These events leave her soul scarred and overshadowed, with no one to share her pain with as her wounds continue to run deeper and deeper. The story unravels as the characters are faced with their own battles with justice, retribution and morality.
2314 ::: Air Transportation (1947) ::: The challenge and opportunity of work in air transportation. The film goes through aviation industry job categories starting with workers on the ground: in offices, dispatching, and radio; meteorologists, mechanics, general maintenance, and cargo handlers. Then, it's on to the flight crew: hostesses, women who are single, in good health, from 5'2" to 5'6" tall, from 21 to 28 years of age, and of normal weight. It ends with pilots. For most jobs, the narrator informs us of the training and certification required. The narration also references small companies, getting one's start in the armed forces, and how to get more information from various sources.
2315 ::: The Cost of Vengeance (????) ::: After his brother is brutally murdered by the infamous fight club champion Thug, Finley his younger brother vows to find the elusive killer and personally avenge his brother's death. But Finley's thirst for revenge jeopardizes his remaining family leading to the murders of both his mother and sister. As the violence escalates, nothing is what it seems and he must be prepared for VENGEANCE!
2316 ::: Asleep in a Storm (2013) ::: This coming-of-age dramedy stars John Sikma as Rob Connolly, a successful college senior who lives his life like a game of poker, where everyone is hiding something. An insult to Rob's pride sets him on a battle for intellectual superiority against Sam Elmore (Sam Leuenberger), a seemingly insignificant fellow student. The conflict draws in the seniors' friends and shakes the foundation of their college lives. Ultimately, Rob and Sam must decide for themselves if anyone is trustworthy.
2317 ::: Hälsoresan - En smal film av stor vikt (1999) ::: Stig-Helmer has returned to Sweden after the divorce from Fiona, and lives a sad and stagnant life in front of the television. As usual his enthusiastic and energetic friend Ole knows how to get his pal out of the boring existence he finds himself in. The eccentric Rebekka is a whole new acquaintance, who radically is going to change Stig-Helmer's life.
2318 ::: "Molly's Zoo" (1997) ::: Fifty years ago, pet shop owner Molly Badham spotted a monkey in a shop window, sparking a life-long crusade. Now her shop has evolved into one of the largest zoos in the UK, with an international reputation for breeding success in endangered primates. Molly, now in her eighties, is still very much at the helm.
2319 ::: Skylanders: SuperChargers (2015) ::: Kaos has created a new super weapon ; the Skyeater! It has the power to rip apart islands and even the Sky itself. But that's not all, it's also powered by the last reminents of The Darkness, the most evil force in the universe. It is up to the Superchargers and their super powered vehicles to stop Kaos before it is too late.
2320 ::: In God's Name (2007) ::: Produced and directed by the acclaimed French filmmakers Jules and Gedeon Naudet, In God's Name explores the complex questions of our time through the intimate thoughts and beliefs of 12 of the world's most influential spiritual leaders. These diverse and powerful voices offer provocative, compelling and enlightening perspective on myriad issues in our post-9/11 world, including the rise of terrorism, fanaticism, intolerance and war. In God's Name marks the first time that this distinct group of leaders has appeared in one program allowing the viewer to see them in intimate settings, including their homes and personal places of worship. These spiritual beacons speak out about violence and hatred and reveal their own thoughts about faith, peace, unity, tolerance and hope. Ultimately, through the eyes of these 12 very different religious figures, the filmmakers discover the common ground among believers around the world.
2321 ::: Don Giovanni in Sicilia (1967) ::: Giovanni Percolla lives in Catania surrounded by the attentive cares of his three sisters. He permanently acts like a Don Giovanni to hide his real poor "knowledge" of women. With his friend he moves also to Rome but women still continues to remain part of his fantasies. But Giovanni succeeded to build anyway a fame of "tombeur de femmes". One day he meets the real love of Maria Antonietta and decides to marry. Will things change?
2322 ::: The American West: On the Road with Michael Blake (2008) ::: Academy AwardŽ winner Michael Blake (author of Dances with Wolves) takes the viewer on a road trip to explore the places in the American West that have been scenes of particular significance in the history of the Native American peoples and their encounters with the immigrant races who were invading their territories in the mid to late 1800's (1854 - 1890). Along the way Michael Blake ventures through western Americana giving the viewer a feel of the true west and a genuine American road trip. The American West, On the Road with Michael Blake lends a new perspective on this history bringing to light the undercurrents of conflict that are still witnessed today. While most historic shows focus on the past or present this series combines both in a visually engaging, musically driven narrative blend.
2323 ::: Execution (1968) ::: Clips, a bounty killer, is after one John Coler, who has fooled him, keeping all of a loot he should have shared with him. He finally catches his prey only to discover that the man is a Coler all right but not the expected one. He is actually the outlaw's honest younger brother Bill, who works in a traveling circus. Will Clip be able to find the stolen gold? Maybe ... but only if a gang of vicious Mexican bandits - to say nothing of Bill's circus troupe - allow him to. Which they do not seem willing to do.
2324 ::: "Keyshawn Johnson: Tackling Design" (2009) ::: This series follows the day to day drama facing former NFL pro and current ESPN analyst Keyshawn Johnson as he embarks on a very different career path: Interior designer.
2325 ::: Happy Ever Afters (2009) ::: Dublin: Maura is a single mom, furniture repossessed, being evicted. For a fee, she's marrying Wilson, an African, facing deportation. Her nine-year old, Molly, thinks she's going to get a dad. Freddie, a bit of a compulsive, is remarrying Sophie, after divorce and recommitment; she's starved herself into her old wedding dress. Both bridal parties arrive at the same inn for receptions: Freddie and Maura's paths keep crossing, Sophie thinks the two are having an affair, immigration officers are stalking Wilson, and Molly's figuring out what's really up. Sophie's father threatens Freddie with bodily harm if anything goes wrong. Can it not?
2326 ::: Frontier Marshal (1939) ::: Early low budget version of the famous Gunfight at OK Corral with Scott as Wyatt Earp and Romero as Doc Holiday. Remade by John Ford as "My Darling Clementine" in 1946 and by John Sturges as "Gunfight at OK Corral" in 1957
2327 ::: "Robin Banks and the Bank Roberts" (2014) ::: A heist comedy unlike any other, "Robin Banks" is a raucous send-up of classic heist movies, starring a trio of bumbling bank robbers: Bobby, the loose cannon (Cavalero); Robert, the tech whiz (Zuckerman); and Robin (Mosely), the leader, who tries (and fails) to keep the group from screwing up. Whether they're hitting on the hostages, turtle-heading during a big robbery, or hiring a sushi chef to feed everyone in the bank, "Robin Banks" turns every tense theft trope on its ear, proving there's no handbook for crime...and if there were, Robin would probably shoot it for knowing too much.
2328 ::: Raftaar - An Obsession (2009) ::: After an enraged Rohit Bajaj fires his employee, Raghu Patkar, a male named Vicky Sinha, rescues Rohit's wife, Neha, when her car explodes. A grateful Rohit and his sister, Sanjana, permit Vicky to move in with them in their mansion. Subsequently, Vicky and Sanjana fall in love but quite surprisingly this does not auger well with Neha and she reprimands her sister-in-law. Shortly thereafter Sanjana finds out that Neha and Vicky were former lovers and informs her brother. Then Sanjana falls from the second floor, is injured and gets hospitalized. When she regains her senses, she informs Rohit that Vicky had attempted to kill her. An enraged Rohit assaults Vicky, and is subsequently arrested. After a trial through the courts, Vicky is able to prove that Sanjana's fall was accidental, and Rohit is warned to stay away from Vicky. With Rohit not permitted to even come close to Vicky - what will stop the latter from having his way with both Neha and Sanjana?
2329 ::: The Omen Legacy (2001) ::: The true stories that spawned the eerie tale of Damien, a small boy with an angelic face, whose very name still conjures up thoughts of Satan. This documentary shares spine-tingling information about the the all-too-memorable flick that has terrorized film audiences since 1976.
2330 ::: Sogno proibito (1988) ::: Laura, a young and successful writer of erotic novels, gets to know and love the player Paul. Not surprisingly, her new lover has not only fallen victim to the gambling but also to the sexual abysses. Her beguiling beauty is getting more and more into deep abysses. Soon she finds herself in a world of brutality and rape which could come from her own stories. For Laura, the world begins to blur out of reality and fiction. Will she succeed in escaping this nightmare?
2331 ::: Letters Home from the South China Seas: Adventures in Singapore & Borneo (1989) ::: Singapore is a tiny island city-state at the southern tip of the Malay peninsula. Almost five people per square foot live within its borders, representing almost every culture, cuisine and religion in Asia. It has risen to the status of a jet age travel and commerce crossroads, boasting some of the finest accommodations, cuisine and shipping in the Orient, and the forward-looking government has transformed this spotless garden country into a model for developing nations all over the world. Yet, underneath its Westernized surface, mysteries of the Orient still linger in the shadows of skyscrapers. Borneo lies only 250 miles to the east of Singapore, but it might as well be a world away. Here on the third largest island on earth, civilized man ekes out a living along the banks of the muddy rivers than wind for hundreds of miles into dense jungle. Beyond lies the legendary allure of headhunters, hidden kingdoms, and the "Wild Men of Borneo" which has captured the imagination of adventure writers and armchair explorers everywhere. Travel with Rick Ray on a personal journey across these two islands. Fly to the very center of Borneo for a visit with ex-headhunters who have only made contact with the West since the 1940's. Discover the splendor of Brunei, a little known kingdom ruled by the richest man on earth. In Singapore, participate in the horrifying ancient Hindu ritual of Thaipusam. Frolic with the "Wild Men of Borneo", who live in trees and are strict vegetarians. Join Rick for these and many more adventures among the unique and varied faces of the South China Seas.
2332 ::: The Great Ruby (1915) ::: The world's finest ruby was stolen from the bride of Prince Kassim's great-grandfather several generations ago in India by a marauding rajah. It's now several decades later and the British have conquered India, and one day the ruby shows up for sale by a wealthy London jeweler, Sir John Garnett. Garnett has his own problems--there have been a rash of thefts of his wife's jewels, and he hires a private detective named James Brett to investigate. An agent for the Russian czar expresses interest in buying the ruby, but he's actually a member of a gang that specializes in jewel thefts and steals the ruby, hiding it in a box of chocolates belonging to Garnett's wife. Unbeknownst to Garnett, the jewel thieves and even Garnett's wife, she is actually involved in the theft of her jewels. Complications ensue.
2333 ::: Finding Lenny (2009) ::: "Everything happens for a reason" - on his 50th birthday, Lenny Vincent is fired from his job as a sports writer for a daily newspaper, his wife of 19 years leaves him for a much younger man and he and his best friend Dave are caught in a gang heist at a restaurant. He ends up being hi-jacked by the gang and dumped in a rural village. Here he befriends the local chief and embarks on the adventure of a lifetime; helping to reunite the chief's warring sons, fighting a money grabbing property company from turning the chief's land into a golf course, coaching the village soccer team and ultimately.. finding himself!
2334 ::: 311 Revival (2017) ::: Fukushima used to be a wonderful place. Unfortunately, since March 11, 2011, "Fukushima" has been superseded by another name: Nuclear Disaster Zone. Six years have passed, but over 80,000 Fukushima residents still cannot return home, still cannot return to their former lives. How did they get through it? Reconstruction work is slow. Several years on, surrounding the site of the Fukushima nuclear incident, there remain many refuge-seeking residents whose homes are still in lockdown. In the streets, people are taking it to their own hands to save their communities. Psychologically and practically, how does one rebuild? Does the civil society's self-rescue mission conclude in recovering what was lost, or in reviving an even better community? In their eyes, what is "revival"? What is the meaning of "rebirth"? Our crew went all over the coastal areas of Fukushima, recording stories of residents each finding their own ways to save themselves.
2335 ::: 9 Muses (2009) ::: A man wakes up not knowing who he is...Little does he know that he is in for the night of his life. While being forced to trust a man, which he knows nothing about suddenly his life becomes a blur. His vindictive wife has kidnapped all of his current flings and now he must reluctantly watch these people at the mercy of this malicious woman as she plays a kinky bondage game with all of them, however, things are not as they appear...
2336 ::: Scapegoat (2017/III) ::: A group of individuals wake up in the woods, unaware of how they got there. Soon after they start to find each other, they realize they are being hunted. They must race against the clock to figure out why and who put them there before it's too late.
2337 ::: True Legends: Technology of the Fallen (2016) ::: Join Timothy Alberino and the GenSix Productions film crew as they head to the High Andean Plain ("Altiplano") of Peru and Bolivia on the shores of legendary Lake Titicaca in search of evidence of the Watchers, their giant offspring, and the technology of the fallen. This full length documentary film features the following: - Investigation into UFO activity over Lake Titicaca - Never before revealed historical records of giants in Peru - The mind-blowing geoglyphs discovered by David Flynn - The megalithic mysteries of Tiwanaku, and proof of their true origin - The infamous star gate of Aramu Muru Was there high technology in the forgotten world before the Flood of Noah? Who were the true builders of the megaliths? Why is there a deliberate conspiracy to conceal their origins? Discover the answers to these questions in True Legends: Technology of the Fallen.
2338 ::: Misu pîchi: Kyonyuu wa momo no amami (2005) ::: Sweet as a Peach follows three beautiful women as they compete for one of Japan's most coveted positions....a spot in "Miss Fruit International" of course!. This is a ruthless competition, and no one is pulling any punches. Miki is our leading lady in this film, and she must keep hidden the deep and dark secrets that would destroy her. The busty and luscious Sakie tries desperately to use her body and sexuality to get what she wants, but will it be enough?
2339 ::: Fantasy Nights (1990) ::: A young wife, who married her high-school sweetheart--the only man she had ever slept with--imagines what it would be like to become involved in the kind of sexual activities that she had never done before, and that she knows her husband would never be a party to.
2340 ::: Untitled Steve Jobs/Joan Baez Dramedy Project (????) ::: A dramedy project feature inspired by the love story between Steve Jobs and Joan Baez. A world-renowned tycoon has only a few months left to live and his son asks his father's former singer/songwriter girlfriend to perform one final concert for him. The woman has not set foot in a concert venue for over thirty years, but should she fulfill the final wish of a man that she used to love so much?
2341 ::: Images of Desire (1990) ::: Sebastion Baxton is a porn movie director who is trying to make an alternative and new style of porn but just can't seem to get any idea what he really wants. He uses the aid of a semi-famous mainstream movie writer named Collin to come up with some thing. Collin's Wife Denise also gets involved with the script writing. They Imagine many desires that women as well as men would find erotic and sexy, But Sebastion is not convinced and it's all in his hands to decide if he will take up the ideas past on to him by Collin and Denise.
2342 ::: Human Stuff (1920) ::: An Eastern boy is sent to the West to run the family's sheep ranch. The presence of sheep angers nearby cattlemen, who don't want to share their cattle's grazing lands with them, and their leader has no compunctions about resorting to drastic measures to protect his interests.
2343 ::: Paranormal Sexperiments (2016) ::: When college coed Cindy inherits the Old Dracovich Mansion, she gets a lot more than she bargained for. The victim of a violent death, Lady Dracovich stills haunts the house from beyond the grave, plotting to bring the dark forces of evil back to rule the Earth; but first, she needs to satisfy her age-old lust by possessing her new tenant.
2344 ::: The Craftsman (2018) ::: A young man, Carter James, commits an unthinkable act when he accidentally kills a woman in a robbery gone wrong. After serving 17 years in prison he is released to find the world is not what it once was. Having no where to go, he returns to the small town where he grew up. And the scene of the crime. Uncovering the wounds of the past, Carter learns that forgiveness and redemption are not easily found. A young man, Carter James, commits an unthinkable act when he accidentally kills a woman in a robbery gone wrong. After serving 17 years in prison he is released to find the world is not what it once was. Having nowhere to go, he returns to the small town where he grew up. And the scene of the crime. Uncovering the wounds of the past, Carter learns that forgiveness and redemption are not easily found.
2345 ::: Mr. Bingle (1922) ::: Motion Picture News Booking Guide, October 1922 . . . centering about a faithful bookkeeper, who has difficulty in supporting his family. His cousin's children have every luxury, but are greedy and unscrupulous. Their father returns, apparently penniless, and they turn him out. Bookkeeper takes him in, and when he dies, he leaves millions to him. Bookkeeper establishes orphanage and takes in children. Court ruling strips fortune from him and he loses orphans but child of his own arrives, and he again finds complete happiness.
2346 ::: Wo die grünen Ameisen träumen (1984) ::: The geologist Lance Hackett is employed by an Australian mining company to map the subsoil of a desert area covered with ant hills prior to a possible uranium extraction. His work is impeded by some aborigines who explain that this is the place where the green ants dream. Disturbing their dreaming will destroy humanity they claim. Hackett informs the company which offers various "solutions" such as a large amount of money or a percentage of a possible revenue. Invited on a trip to a city some of the aborigines sees a military aeroplane and express the wish to own it. The company buys it and gives it to the aborigines as a sign of good will. A runway is made in the desert and the plane is flown to the location. All negotiations concerning the area fail and the dispute goes to a court of the Commonwealth. Parties and experts are heard, obstacles are met such as an aborigine who is the sole survivor of his tribe (and language) and therefore no-one understands what he is saying. Two of the aborigines take off in the plane despite that there is very little fuel left. The mining company wins legally and the aborigines morally. Some aborigines arrives from the mountains and tells about a big winged ant that had fallen from the sky.
2347 ::: Inmaterial (2015) ::: Haunted by paranormal phenomena, a group of parapsychologists will be forced to unmask an ancient order that threatens to suppress the cycle of life and death, While the P.I.E.D. (Paranormal Investigation European Department) will try to stop them and bring them to justice for operating out of the law.
2348 ::: Superheroes (2017/II) ::: Phil is too small for his age. This makes him the target of provocations by Samuel and his friends. When Phil unexpectedly receives support from lesbian girl Jo, Samuel isn't happy. Phil is impressed by the somehow different Jo. However, they are not the only outsiders. SUPERHEROES is a film about friendship, courage and tolerance. It is a story about teenage outsiders who are searching for their place in life.
2349 ::: Los Four/Murals of Aztlan (1974) ::: Los Four documents the first exhibition of Chicano artists held at a major art museum, the Los Angles County Museum of Art, in 1974. Los four (1973-1983) was an influential Chicano art collective that included Carlos Almaraz, Gilbert "Magu" Sanchez Lujan, Roberto de la Rocha, and Frank Romero. The documentary captures the group's debates over art, politics and community, while it also reveals their experimentation with spray can techniques, found objects, and installation art as well as their self-conscious efforts to develop Chicano icons. Murals of Aztlan: The Street Painters of East Los Angeles. Documents the exhibition "Murals of Aztlan: The Street Painters of East Los Angeles" at the Craft and Folk Art Museum of Los Angeles in 1981. The exhibition featured portable murals in the gallery space painted by some of the leading Chicano and Chicana artists.
2350 ::: The One Man Beatles (2009) ::: A young director crosses the ocean to find Emitt Rhodes, the mysterious forgotten American pop star from the 1960s/70s, once dubbed as the secret alter ego of Paul McCartney. But these theories are refuted by Emitt himself, flushed out and placed in front of a video camera after many years spent holed up in his house full of old guitars and vintage amplifiers. His words reveal a past filled with regrets. His voice and his music proving his pure talent. A young director crosses the ocean to find Emitt Rhodes, the mysterious forgotten American pop star from the 1960s/70s, once dubbed as the secret alter ego of Paul McCartney. But these theories are refuted by Emitt himself, flushed out and placed in front of a video camera after many years spent holed up in his house full of old guitars and vintage amplifiers. His words reveal a past filled with regrets. His voice and his music proving his pure talent. Cosimo Messeri records his American dream in a dazed and enthusiastic diary, a portrait of unfulfilled ambitions and loneliness that smacks of Chekov.
2351 ::: The Arbitrator (????) ::: Martin Giles is a statistician. The only risks he ever sees are on a balance sheet. But when he's sent to Central Asia to predict the result of an election, a routine task becomes a battle for a nation's future. The Arbitrator is where Jason Bourne meets Michael Clayton: the story of a principled man who takes a stand, and has to learn to be an action hero.
2352 ::: Another Dirty Room 3: The Un-Super 8: Mice and Filth: Essex, Maryland (2016) ::: Dan Bell, along with partners in grime Will Krupinsky and Rick Serra, inspect a room in the Super 8 Motel located in Essex, MD to discover how clean (or frighteningly filthy) it truly is in this 3rd addition to the Another Dirty Room series.
2353 ::: "Politics in the Yard" (2015) ::: A fun and innovative weekly political show. Host Jaime Molera 'picks up' his politician guests and gets to know them by driving around town before arriving at the studio. After an in studio interview, the guests play a game of "Vent or Veto" where random questions are posed by viewers and the guest can either "vent" (answer) or "veto" (refuse to answer) -- if they veto, Jaime must answer the question. Next the guest is pitted against Jaime, Shep and DJ Filibuster in a political game. Games include "Sketchy Politics" -- a Pictionary type game, "Acts of Congress" - a charades-type game and "Term Limits" a Heads-up type game.
2354 ::: The Drum Beats Twice (2008) ::: John Carreck (Kenneth Del Vecchio), a Vietnam War hero and police officer, is attacked and left without sight, speech, and his hands, taking away all his means of communication. His wife (Daytime TV star Lisa Peluso) leaves him, and his mother (Eileen Fulton, 2004 Emmy Lifetime Achievement Winner) and doctor (Richard Barclay) have given up on him.
2355 ::: Det meste af tiden (2009) ::: 'Aarhus Stories' is the result of an unconventional partnership between film directors and song writers. The song writers' songs replace the traditional manuscript and challenge the director in an entirely new way. The films have all been shot in Aarhus in 24 hours, and they all last three to ten minutes. --- The front man of the Danish pop group tv.2, Steffen Brandt, has prepared the musical score for the meeting with writer, poet, commentator and film director Jřrgen Leth at the bicycle track in Aarhus.
2356 ::: Extreme Couponing: Midnight Madness (2012) ::: Watch four savings experts as they battle line cutters, uncooperative shopping buddies, mispriced clothing, limited merchandise, and GPS malfunctions to get the best possible savings on Black Friday. Washington shopper Angelique lines up hours early despite being three months pregnant. In Pennsylvania, April brings her husband and kids, and keeps them on a short leash. Jessica uses her digital command center to navigate Idaho, but her technology leads her astray. Callie has a different strategy, going to small local shops in Louisiana. She scouts stores a day early and hides the items she wants, but she might have underestimated the popularity of these smaller stores.
2357 ::: MindFlux (2010) ::: "mindFLUX" explores the legendary, internationally acclaimed American playwright, director and designer Richard Foreman. His story is a remarkable example of how an individual with extraordinary talent, vision and courage bypassed rewards of traditional commercial success and became one of the preeminent experimental artists of his generation. The film's narrative dives into Mr. Foreman's influences, his creative process and the Soho arts community during the '70 from which he emerged. "mindFLUX" contains exclusive new content from award winning actors, composers, playwrights and cultural icons who reveal the impact Foreman had on their lives and challenges they faced prior to realizing their own version of success. Audiences will learn how Mr. Foreman and his prominent admirers pushed past barriers that seemed insurmountable during their early years. The film's themes are particularly relevant today as a new generation struggles with its own issues, including a tough economic climate. As society's landscape evolves fundamental principles remain intact. Having passion for what we do, combined with an appreciation of how crucial our personal uniqueness is to society, can provide each of us with the inner strength needed to persevere.
2358 ::: The Owl and the Pussycat (1970) ::: Can a bickering odd couple in Manhattan become friends and maybe more? Owlish Felix is an unpublished writer who vents his frustration by reporting to the super that the woman in a neighboring flat takes the occasional payment for sex. She's Doris, more wildcat than pussycat, and when Felix's peeping-tom-tattle-tale routine gets her bounced from her apartment, she knocks at his door at 3 AM, aggressive and ticked off. They yell, lose another apartment, and pick up where they left off in a friend's flat and beyond. Dancing by the light of the moon seems unlikely for this owl and pussycat. Mild mannered Felix Sherman is a struggling novelist who has to work as a bookstore clerk to make ends meet. Doris Wilgis is brash, in-your-face and uneducated prostitute. Although they have not met, they have an antagonistic relationship from afar as they live in the same New York City apartment building, his continual typing which bothers her, her professional work and her complaints about the typing which bother him. They do eventually meet when each is directly the reason why the other is evicted from the building in the middle of the night. Despite their continued antagonism after meeting, they spend time together if only because of their shared homelessness. Despite still being bothered by certain aspects of the other, especially those unfamiliar to their own sensibilities, they begin to have a mutual attraction based on their opposite personalities. He is attracted to her innate openness. She is attracted to his intellectualism. Can their budding relationship survive their differences, especially when it comes to their sexual history and Felix being already engaged?
2359 ::: Another Dirty Room: Cesspit from Hell - The Midtown Inn Baltimore (2016) ::: Dan Bell, along with his partners in grime, Will Krupinsky and Rick Serra, investigate a room in the Midtown Inn located in Baltimore, MD to discover just how clean (or, most likely, disgustingly filthy) it really is in this Another Dirty Room that starts the series.
2360 ::: PoV (2006) ::: POV is a short film that lets the viewer make up their own version of events based on what they see. POV is a conceptual short film designed to provoke thought on the subject of the presentation of film narrative and to use it where and how it has not been used before by telling most of its story through a credit roller. In POV we are presented with the closing scenes of what seems to be a feature length film. This sequence works as it would in any normal film evoking tension, suspense, mystery, empathy and most importantly curiosity. It deliberately leaves the viewer with many unanswered questions.
2361 ::: One in Seven Million (2010) ::: It's been four years since the band left home, one member quit and the other two kept going. Kevin and Chuckie find themselves in a new town, AGAIN, and are forced to work "real" jobs while pursuing their ultimate dreams of touring as a rock band. Follow them as they endure the trials and tribulations of band life. When they both develop love interests, things begin to change but not in ways you would expect. Choices will have to be made between love and money, and at what lengths they are willing to go to pursue their dreams. In their rock world, Kevin would never sell out, even if his odds were One in Seven Million.
2362 ::: Listen... Amaya (2013) ::: (Hindi with English subtitles) In this poignant Bollywood-styled indie interpretation about family ties and growing up, fiery 22-year old writer Amaya struggles to balance working life with family life after finding out that her mom is dating her current collaborator at work.
2363 ::: "Oikologika imerologia" (2011) ::: A bio-dynamic gardener, a scarecrow wandering around Athens and a gallery manager whose bright ideas "fertilize" the urban landscape.
2364 ::: Railway Tiger (2017) ::: Entering the fast-food culture era, massive data are all we face every day. Hao, a shy and autistic high school student, has just lost contact with the girl he adores. He paints for her and suffers from missing her, becoming a C-grade student. Facing numbers of values from families, teachers, and classmates, he must make his hard decision on keeping going or giving up. Values in different kinds of ways trying to invade the immature brain of this young boy. Finally, he goes through these and finds a balance point in-between these values which look contradictory on the surface. He embarks on the road of finding this girl and bares his heart towards her face to face. However, the consequence turns out to be a tragedy. In the end, Hao decides to keep drawing which is a very funny move in his life. Is this sort of behavior sick as he closed himself alone in his dark narrow world? Or, is this kind of behavior a symbol of faithfulness in love and deserves admiring? How should a teenager do exactly at this misty, in this black-and-white-mixed world?
2365 ::: Elite (2017) ::: After a fateful mission two years ago that left eight Special Forces soldiers dead, newly promoted Naval Investigator Abbey Vaughn makes it her personal mission to find the man responsible: the infamous drug lord Reynaldo Benitez. When her investigation brings in former Elite team leader Lt. Sam Harrigan, she reluctantly partners with him in order to bring the savage cartel leader to justice.
2366 ::: Prairie Rose (2006) ::: Prairie Rose is the fictional historical drama of a young Southern women's adventure to rescue her husband from a Civil War Union POW camp, Camp Douglas, in Chicago in the fall of 1862. Sarah Rose receives a message at home on her farm in rural Kentucky from her dying husband, Will, through Cath, a nurse and spy from the camp. With Cath's tenacity and brash personality, the generally shy and reserve Sarah sets off with her new companion on a journey across Kentucky and Illinois determined to rescue her newlywed husband from an inevitable death from camp sickness and his battle wounds received at the battle of Shiloh. The difficulty of their journey is complicated by two Pinkerton agents, Agents Winslow and Peterson, hired by the camp commander to hunt down and capture Confederate spies.
2367 ::: The Bad Samaritan (2001) ::: Mark is an upstanding citizen and well-heeled businessman who takes a well earned day off work. However, the day turns sour when he is ambushed by two aggressive hoodlums who leave his battered torso for dead. But afterwards a more tragic and sinister twist takes place when a callous and brutal scoundrel called John comes across the unconscious Mark. Not to look a gift horse in the mouth, John lumps the unconscious body in the boot of Mark's luxury sedan. Anxious to extort Mark for all he can, John tortures him for financial gain ...and sadistic joy. Bound up and blindfolded in the boot of his own sedan Mark struggles to be defiant and unsurrenderous. But even sour days can have the sweetest outcome as John is exposed to Mark's very inner and dark secret.
2368 ::: "Tori & Dean: Inn Love" (2007) ::: Dean promotes his latest project in NYC and Tori stays at home to take care of the kids and other family obligations. Gay husband Mehran steps in to help a lending hand but paranormal activity frightens them and a voodoo priestess is called in to heal the house.
2369 ::: The Oscar (1966) ::: Frankie Fane has clawed his way to the top of the Hollywood heap. Now, as he's preparing to win his Oscar, his friend Hymie Kelly reminisces over their life together, and Frankie's ruthless struggle to the top and the people he's stepped on (i.e., everyone else in the movie) to make it there. It's Oscar night. Frank Fane, who is in the audience, has been nominated for his first ever Oscar for Best Actor. Hymie Kelly, perhaps Frankie's oldest friend and confidante and who is also in the audience, recounts Frankie's rise from their humble and what may be seen as unsavory beginnings to this night. Frankie fell into acting by accident, but his foray into it was based on some talent, especially in roles most closely mirroring his own cutthroat personality and streetwise background, upon which he could draw. As his fame increased, he believed there was no way that trajectory could change course, and even if there was a hint at that happening, that he would do whatever required to get out of that hole. With this belief, he overextended his finances to live the life of luxury. As such, he ended up using people - many who in turn used him - for short term gain. He was also vindictive and ruined people solely because they at one time didn't help or screwed him. The one person he seemed to exclude from this behavior was aspiring costume designer Kay Bergdahl, who he professed to love, but who didn't give him the time of day unlike most of his adoring fans. Frankie also manipulated situations to his benefit, no matter who was hurt along the way, including his so-called friends. Hymie also explains the unlikeliness of the nomination and why it is so important in Frankie's mind for him to win.
2370 ::: "Pod17" (2016) ::: Humans and Mythologicals had been living together in the world for a while until the humans found out that the Myths existed. They captured and forced the Myths into Facilities around the world, where Myths are divided into Pods and are constantly watched, treated poorly, and experimented on, until Pod 17 hatched a plan and eventually escaped. Follow them on their journey as they search and fight for freedom!
2371 ::: Operation Latin Phoenix (2003) ::: On April 23, 1995 at the airport of Olbia in Sardegna, Italy hundreds of aircraft components were stolen by a gang of armed thieves from the hangars of the airline Meridiana. The gang was arrested shortly later and the parts transferred to the insurance company Generali who already did reimburse Meridiana for the loss encountered. The insurance sold the parts to an entrepreneur in Rome. This triggered the attention of the state prosecutor in Sardengna and the Italian fiscal police. When they raided the company's offices at Rome the police officers found numerous sensitive aircraft parts that were illegally reworked and prepared for shipment to renown customers world wide. They also found evidence for the involvement of a US company and a questionable transaction involving 6 Airbus A30o aircraft previously owned by national carrier Alitalia. The film follows the two year long investigation that was codenamed "operation Latin Phoenix" and shows disturbing insides into an industry that normally pretend s that safety is their number one priority.
2372 ::: Emmanuelle bianca e nera (1976) ::: In the pre-civil war American south, Emanuelle, a plantation owner's daughter, while outwardly a dainty southern belle, brutally abuses the slaves in her charge. When her fiance is bitten by a snake, he falls for Emanuelle's beautiful African-American maid who's kindness and skill saved his life. Insanely jealous, Emanuelle continues her sadistic behaviour towards her charges, and when her fiance announces he plans to wed the maid, Emanuelle "gives" her to her even more brutal hired men, and her fiance is powerless to stop them. Can Emanuelle learn an important lesson in love before it's too late for everyone?
2373 ::: "Captain 11" (1955) ::: "Welcome Captain 11! No one knew that a summer replacement kid's show would become the longest continuously running children's show in the world. Dave Dedrick patterned Captain 11 after a show of the same name in Minneapolis. That show was hosted by a young Jim Lange. With a new uniform and a set made from pinball machine parts, Dedrick transformed Captain 11 into the most recognizable face in KELOLAND. Each day children would flock to the KELOLAND studios to be on the Captain 11 show. Later mothers and grandmothers would bring their kids to the show. Always drawing a crowd, Captain 11 made thousands of appearances across KELOLAND. Today, Captain 11's set and uniform are on display at the Cultural Heritage Center in Pierre. The testament to the impact Captain 11 had on the history of our state and our lives" - Keloland News post March 7, 2015, 60th Anniversary special.
2374 ::: Code 1299 (2003) ::: A gorgeous secret agent with an aptitude for being captured, disguises herself as a lawyer, a model, a waitress and a police officer and always has the same results - she winds up bound and gagged while the people she's investigating make a clean getaway.
2375 ::: "Maclear" (1974) ::: Each half hour episode follows international news correspondent Michael Maclear around the globe looking for the unusual, the important, the interest-catching stories of the day. Maclear checks out prostitution, legal and otherwise in the US, Canada and Europe; he delves into a rape trial in Toronto; explores medical tourists seeking miracle cures, "psychic surgery" in the Philippines; gambling practices around the world from Macao to Las Vegas and he visits headhunters in Papua New Guinea. The series includes devastating reports on British secret military trials in Northern Ireland and the runaway homicide rate in Murder City-Detroit. The Toronto Star says Maclear is a new Edward R. Murrow.
2376 ::: Bobby Short at the Cafe Carlyle (1979) ::: The reigning King of Cafe Society performs a thrilling 25-song set, including classics from Cole Porter, Gershwin and Sondheim, with the style and verve that's been packing them in at the New York Cafe Carlyle for over 20 years. Plus, we go into Bobby's home for an exclusive and intimate look at the man behind the music. No Cover. No Minimum. Just lots of great music.
2377 ::: And Punching the Clown (2016) ::: Hapless satirical songwriter Henry Phillips is lured to LA by renowned TV producer Jay Warren, who wants to make a show about the life of a struggling performer. When Jay sees Henry bomb at a local club, he is convinced that this story must be told. With the support of his longtime musician friend Jillian, and his well-meaning but sub-par manager Ellen Pinsky, Henry endures the ups and downs of LA living, and even secures what appears to be the Hollywood dream. But as a major TV network gets involved, he must decide whether his legacy will be to make jokes, or become the butt of them.
2378 ::: "Shadow Chasers" (2017) ::: Shadow chasers is a British paranormal reality television series produced by Filmcell International and Cynthia pictures. The series looks at gathering supernatural evidence. Investigators Rob Park and Adam J Morgan use scientific tools to collect the evidence at alleged haunted locations in the UK. They are joined by a spiritual medium, Nikki Stargazer Carter on most investigations. Sarah Taylor presents the show and takes an unbiased view on the evidence collected before her.
2379 ::: Studio (2016) ::: In an artist studio, the painted faces and figures slowly take shape. The eye and the hand at work seem chasing eachother and weaving together. The moving image and the painting start mirroying and recalling eachother, becoming one single element.
2380 ::: "Frank Hardon: Life Coach" (2015) ::: His relationship with Sandra in total shambles, Frank has succumbed to binge drinking and lashing out at everyone around him. After a failed attempt at exerting his masculinity, Frank manages to pick himself up with renewed purpose. Rising (i.e. stumbling) defiantly from the ashes of humiliation.
2381 ::: Ara (2008) ::: Ara is the story of four people and an empty house. These people are stuck between their past and stormy relationships, between Istanbul and the "homes" they can't get back, between their innermost secrets and the lies they tell, between east and west. They are stuck in the "space between". The whole action takes place in an almost empty flat which is belong to one of the characters. The camera goes out only once. But various other visuals from commercials, TV series' that has been shot in the same flat, sneak into the film. Spanning around 10 years, the story is told between intervals of these visuals. Turkey has been through a huge change in the last 20-30 years. The modest country of the recent past is a faded memory compared to the consumerist life style of modern day. It is the time of ambitious people who can do anything to "live well", to "break through". This is the story of a small group of people who manage to "live well" but can't help getting lost in a spiritual vacuum. This is a dark story of "White Turks" who can never be as white as they'd like."
2382 ::: Artistic Dictatorship (2016) ::: In a sequence of surrealistic tableau-like images the film shows the artistic creation of a new type of human being who has the ability to see maximum beauty in all human action. Igoder wants to kill The State and establish an artistic dictatorship where humans can evolve into new and better type of beings. The film merges and honors the styles of Sergei Parajanov and Andy Warhol.
2383 ::: Crocodile Love Story (2013) ::: Kiran (Praveen Prem), son of retired Government staff Parameswaran (R. K. Thayyil) is working in a hardware firm after completing his B.Tech course, with no responsibilities and aims in his life. Nithya (Avanthika Mohan), only daughter of bank manager Narayanan Namboothiri (Ashokan) and Gayathri (Maya Viswanath) is working in a private IT firm after completing her M.Tech. These two childhood friends meet each other and eventually fall in love. But the parents of both their families are against the love between them, being very conventional. They elope to a distant remote place near to a forest. Then a crocodile enters between them, and thus crocodile love story begins. The interesting incidents and unexpected twists happening after crocodile's entry forms the rest of the story.
2384 ::: Scream for Christmas (2000) ::: Rob the Slasher is on Christmas vacation. His truck breaks down near an abandoned warehouse. He discovers that cheerleaders and their friends are having a Christmas party there. He decides to slaughter them. There are two other killers there as well and sinister apparition. They battle to see who can kill the most till there is only one slasher left.
2385 ::: Arugba (2010) ::: The story of a king of an imaginary town who brays against corruption while rigorously prosecuting economic reform and handily welcoming foreign investors: there's no mistaking the parody of former President Obasanjo. The leadership portrait emerges as the key sub plot in a ornate romance featuring the Arugba - the virgin who carries the sacrificial calabash during the Osun Osogbo festival - and a young dancer intent on winning her. Set against the backdrop of a corrupt society seeking cleansing, rebirth and nationhood, with all the attendant intrigues, the Arugba must perform her annual traditional role of carrying the sacrifice in a procession to the river.
2386 ::: Lost (2007) ::: 'Lost' emulates the visual and literal aesthetics of gay dating Web sites to raise questions regarding the status of the Internet as a liberating medium. The anonymity of computer technology allows for the expression of our innermost thoughts and desires, free of consequence. However, is this expression an accurate depiction of who we really are? Or does it merely serve as a venue for socially-unacceptable behaviour at times when we find ourselves lost?
2387 ::: Consolation (2010) ::: Nechama (The meaning of the name Nechama in Hebrew is consolation) is a 77 year old woman who gets up in the morning with a premonition that she will die by the end of the day. The story follows her unstable consciousness through fear, emptiness, hope and neediness until she realizes that her family are able to accept that it might be the last day of her life. Her husband, Menachem, refuses to take her seriously, reflecting the fact that they have become somewhat estranged. But Nechama heeds her internal voice and tries to gather her family around her in order to say goodbye. She asks her adult granddaughter, Neta, who is interning in a psychiatric hospital to arrive early for her usual bi-weekly visit while Neta is busy with a new patient, a suicidal woman who has aroused her concern. Neta has a difficult session with her patient who leaves in the middle of it; she is continuously bombarded with phone calls from her grandparents asking her to come and with her mind in turmoil she leaves the hospital and becomes an important part of her grandmother's last day. Nechama longs to renew the feelings of human closeness which long ago left her. Will the consolation that Nechama so badly needs arrive?
2388 ::: Shadows of a Leader: Qaddafi's Female Bodyguards (2004) ::: Ms. Ajami's ambitious documentary takes a fascinating look inside one of the Mid-East's most unusual military units, Libya's elite female military corps assigned to guard the country's supreme leader, Mohmmar Qaddafi. The film examines how these women embody the tension between Islam and modernization in a nomadic society, between feminism and an old-style dictatorship. The female guards in Libya are unique as modern Islamic women that challenge Western stereotypes of the repressed Arab female. Using original and archival footage, and being the first to be allowed access to sites and persons in Libya, this two-year effort goes beyond existing representations of the Muslim woman by elucidating and criticizing a complicated ideal of a modern day Amazon warrior.
2389 ::: Over Land (2008) ::: Over Land is an intimate and personal portrait of a family facing a crisis in agriculture. Between 1996 and 2006, despite warnings of an impending food shortage, prices for farm goods dropped to their lowest point in Canadian history, driving many farmers off the land. With a family history of farming spanning generations, the Sudermans now face a challenge that threatens to pull the family apart. As Steve Suderman films his family, the fight for economic survival becomes a poignant story of hope, determination, and the search for purpose.
2390 ::: Aashiq Hoon Baharon Ka (1977) ::: Ashok Sharma lives with his mother in India, and they are a lower middle class family. Ashok gets an opportunity to travel to Switzerland for research purposes. Once there, he meets with Chandidas Rai, a businessman, who would like Ashok to work for him in his uranium laboratory, which Ashok accepts. Ashok meets with Chandidas' attractive daughter, Veera, and both eventually fall in love and would like to get married. While the two are busy making plans, Rai descends on them with the police and has Ashok arrested for stealing uranium, after seducing Julie, another employee of Rai. Did Ashok really steal the uranium? And what of his romance with Veera?
2391 ::: Black Saturday (2005) ::: Black Saturday is the story of Gary Guns (Mr. Magic), the most notorious street hustler that New Orleans has ever seen. After serving a ten year bid in prison, he is back on the streets. Determined to get back to his previous "street kingpin" status, Gary plans to rob two local dealers and their crack house to defend his old turf.
2392 ::: Night of the Bums (1998) ::: Three witches have just created a strange and evil brew: a concoction that will turn the city's bums into blood thirsty zombies. The witches place the brew in bottles of wine throughout the city for the bums to devour. But once they start to devour, they can't stop! They eat arms, legs and any other spare body part they can sink their teeth into. The mayor of the city has a plan. Armed with venom soaked bullets obtained from a skeleton puppet, he battles to the death with the undead bums!
2393 ::: Little Black Spiders (2012) ::: Belgium, 1978. Katja, Roxy, and a group of other lively girls are too young for love, but still they are almost mothers. In a hidden location, pregnant teenage girls await the birth of their babies in secret. Some want to put their mistake behind them as soon as possible, but Katja, herself an orphan, clearly wants something different: she longs to have her own little baby. During the long wait, the girls share each others joys and sorrows. They form close friendships and distract themselves with strange games, until the bubble bursts, and Katja becomes painfully aware of the plans that the nuns are making behind their backs. She is not going to let this happen to her baby, however... Little Black Spiders is a story about the beauty and strength of unexpected friendships.
2394 ::: The Man Who Found Himself (1925) ::: Tom Macauley and his younger brother, Edwin, are directors in their father's bank. Edwin speculates with the bank's funds, but banker Lon Morris, a supposed friend, plots successfully to have Tom shoulder the blame. In prison, Tom becomes a trusty, but he breaks out when he learns that Morris is to marry Nora Brooks, his fiancee. He confronts Morris and Nora with the truth, beats up Morris for good luck, and returns to prison. His father dies heartbroken, and Tom is scorned by Edwin's wife when he is released. With the aid of two prison buddies (The Optimist and The Pessimist), Tom breaks into the Macauley bank (now controlled by Morris), steals funds, plants them in Morris' house, and notifies the bank examiners. Morris, who actually has been embezzling funds, goes to the bank to obtain more money before making a getaway. He is shot by a watchman; Tom learns that Nora has been a wife in name only; and he marries her.
2395 ::: "Roses Underground" (2017) ::: Two half-sisters, Cassidy and Joanna, who want nothing to do with each other find themselves forced into a union to find their father Michael (Mike) Delofante, a detective who has gone missing. Joanna, trained by a sensai, followed in her father's footsteps and became a cop but, after uncovering suspicious evidence involving her father, hunts down Cassidy to solicit aid in her search to find answers. Cassidy, who was raised on the street, is heavily involved in the underground fighting scene and Joanna believes that Cassidy may be the link to finding their father. Cassidy and Joanna will find themselves on a twin collision course to find their father, and discover a secret that may undo the threads of truth and the very world around them.
2396 ::: People Power Bombshell: The Diary of Vietnam Rose (2016) ::: A mystery dreamlike portrait of a movie star's harrowing ordeal in the making of a film. This is about Liz Alindogan, then 19-year old naive newbie star, and director Celso Ad Castillo dubbed as Philippine cinema's messiah. It is structured as a mystery film, making viewers question whether to believe the account of Liz Alindogan.
2397 ::: Superhero (2000) ::: Angry Kid is a superhero in his own mind. He is Captain Buggernuts, to be precise. Wearing a mask and cape, sitting atop his trusty bicycle, er, hydro-chopper, he is sworn to protect the world from the evil Dr. Assrot. Throw in his Sis as the chainsaw-wielding Lady Angelbutts, and you have more than your fill of Angry Kid mayhem.
2398 ::: Veve (2014) ::: VEVE follows the lives of multiple characters trying to find themselves in a world of political intrigue, revenge, love and longings for success complemented by the background of the thriving yet unregulated veve business. Amos, an ambitious politician, is running for another term as Maua MP whilst facing his opponent Wadu in the extension of his veve empire. His wife Esther discovers the true nature of his affairs and seeks solace in Kenzo, a conflicted young man out to seek vengeance for his father's death. Sammy, Amos' right hand man, has to choose between being loyal to his work and being a caring father to his 12-year-old son Kago. Maua's Veve Farmers want to farm a union to force Amos to pay decent prices for their veve. Clint, a hedonistic wannabe documentary filmmaker meddles to far, blind of the dangers he is putting himself and others into. All are in search of purpose not knowing, that their destinies are entwined in more ways than they imagine.
2399 ::: Lac aux dames (1934) ::: A handsome but penniless young man takes a summer job as a swimming instructor in a picturesque Alpine lake resort. He falls in love with a young heiress who is staying there with her father, but he also grabs the attention of tomboyish Puck who lives on the other side of the lake and who saves him from drowning one foggy night. Further havoc is caused by the arrival of Eric's old sweetheart whose husband is wanted by the police.
2400 ::: Naked Complex (1963) ::: Johnny is an expert at judo, water skiing, golf, tennis, scuba diving, and racing cars, but is a helpless flop around women. One night, in an effort to cure him, his doctor takes him to a nightclub to get him used to being around attractive women. Johnny faints and is humiliated by the newspapers revealing his "malady" and runs away, flying his plane to a remote part of the ocean where he crashes on a island of nude women. At first, Johnny is afraid to look at the naked women...but soon they have him considering the lure of nudity as well.
2401 ::: L'étrange Madame X (1951) ::: Can a person really lead a double life? It looks as though Irčne can. On the one hand, she is the wife of Jacques Voisin-Larive, a big name in the publishing world. On the other hand she pretends to be a simple chambermaid when she is with Etienne, a handsome young cabinetmaker. But what will happen when Irčne gets pregnant?
2402 ::: Behind the Eight Ball (2010) ::: Sam Evans, a thirty-something coffee shop owner, is shocked to discover that his long lost father Robert wants to rekindle a relationship with him after abandoning him and his mother thirty-one years previous. Their journey begins at the local pool circuit level, playing a doubles tournament in a bar. This soon escalates as Sam finds himself proving his love for his father after a terminal illness renders his father incapacitated and unable to compete in the World Pool tournament, a high-stakes and well-known nationwide tournament, a tournament his father was never able to win. It is written as a high stakes drama with numerous attempts at comic relief. It takes us on an emotional roller coaster with the ultimate goal defining what it truly means to be a family.
2403 ::: The Intruders (2012/I) ::: What if you woke up one day to find out your home has been taken over by a family of Asians? The ultimate white man's nightmare, this is the question that Kevin, a middle income Caucasian male must contemplate as his Chinese "guest" take their meal, in his apartment.
2404 ::: Taksi (1991) ::: Desi, a pretty young woman, leaves her baby in a taxi driven by Giyon. After going to the press to seek help in finding Desi, he takes the baby to his home. He soon becomes famous for his kind deed and later on discovers Desi, who has become a singer in the capital. Their happiness is, however, short-lived when the newspapers spread malicious rumors that the child is illegitimate and that Giyon is the father.
2405 ::: Lost Reality (2004) ::: From the people who brought you National Lampoon's Animal House and National Lampoon's Van Wilder comes a hilariously twisted look at today's hottest television phenomenon...REALITY TELEVISION. It's a compiliation of outrageous reality show episodes that never aired, sent by producers and directos to National Lampoon in response to their call for submissions earlier this year.
2406 ::: Mamachas del ring (2009) ::: Set in the heights of the Bolivian Andes, Mamachas del Ring is the story of Carmen Rosa the Champion, a cholita and wrestler who struggles to make it on her own in the male-dominated world of Bolivian professional wrestling. In 2004, Carmen Rosa was at the forefront of a Cholita wrestler revolution. Never before had Bolivia seen an indigenous woman take her petticoats and bowler hat into the ring, and the crowds couldn't get enough. Along with three other Cholitas, Carmen became an international star, and all four were anointed the Mamachas of the Ring. The film begins in 2006, shortly after their return from a star-making turn on Peruvian TV-but their rapid success has come at a price. Jealousy and envy begin to ripple throughout the wrestling community, and eventually they are black-listed from performing in Bolivia's main wrestling league by its notoriously egotistical league commissioner, Don Juan Mamani. Betrayed but not discouraged, the Mamachas take matters into their own hands. They pound the pavement organizing their own shows, contracting media appearances, and traveling for days to perform across Bolivia, often to paltry crowds who can barely afford to pay the entrance fee. They were the first indigenous women to wrestle; they were the revolutionary stars. Now they are the first women wrestlers to manage their own business and contracts, desperately hoping to regain their crowns. The pressures of daily living and gendered responsibilities begins to eat away at the foundation of the Mamachas, and Carmen Rosa increasingly shoulders more of the work burden. Her day job as a street vendor begins to suffer and her attention to her family dwindles, until one day her husband issues her a firm ultimatum: wrestling or your family.
2407 ::: Further We Search (2009) ::: Further We Search tells the story of a young mans journey to a new city as he tries to find his place. The film follows his encounters and the dynamics of the relationships that unfold as he searches for a sense of connection. It is a subtle exploration of an inner journey to find meaning and the interactions along the way.
2408 ::: Fishing bodies (2016) ::: Fishing Bodies follows the crew of the Alba Angela - a clandestine fishing boat - as their destinies cross path with Ahmed, a Syrian refugee who now lives illegally on the boat that, before becoming his home and prison, brought others like him to Sicily.
2409 ::: Crony (2017) ::: Aarav becomes nostalgic about his late best friend Ricky and later becomes successful in unfriending him on Facebook , no sooner, strange things start happening with him and his friend who had came down sometime later. Was it because of a hallucinated mind or was there a presence of his friend's evil spirits? Does pre-conditioning of mind play a role in the human thinking? Go ahead and unravel the mysteries at your discretion.
2410 ::: "Under Arrest" (1993) ::: A TV series where cameras follow police officers on patrol and capture their gritty world of raw emotions and unexpected events as they answer calls for help, solve crimes and arrest law-breakers.
2411 ::: Shadows and Whispers (2001) ::: Filmed in the northeast mountains of China Kim, Kim Jung-eun's documentary examines the desperate circumstances facing North Korean refugees who illegally cross the border into China to escape the harsh famine conditions that have existed in North Korea since the mid-1990s.
2412 ::: Annie's Coming Out (1984) ::: In the 1970s, Jessica Hathaway (Angela Punch McGregor) joins the staff of Brentwood Hospital, a government facility for handicapped children in Melbourne, Australia. One of her patients is Annie O'Farrell (Tina Arhondis), whose cerebral palsy has kept her institutionalized since the age of 3. Convinced the girl, now 13, has been misdiagnosed as legally retarded, Jessica teaches her to communicate through a Ouija board in this true story about the fight to free Annie from institutional care. Annie's Coming Out (also known as A Test of Love) is a 1984 Australian drama film directed by Gil Brealey. It is based on the non-fiction book Annie's Coming Out by disability activists Rosemary Crossley and Anne McDonald. The book tells the story of McDonald's early life in a government institution for people with severe disabilities and her subsequent release.
2413 ::: Hav Plenty (1997) ::: Lee Plenty is an almost broke would-be novelist and Havilland Savage is rich and very beautiful woman and his friend. When she invites him to her home for New Year's Eve, they start to build up a romance.
2414 ::: The Aspern Papers (2010) ::: A young American publisher sets off on a journey to the jungles of Venezuela to acquire the valuable and original manuscripts of his beloved poet, Jeffery Aspern. There he discovers the poet's ancient muse, Juliana Bordereau, living in a dilapidated cocoa hacienda with her recluse niece, Tita. The American invents a false identity - a writer in need of a quiet room for several weeks - convinced that once inside the house he will get his hands on the precious papers. Juliana extracts an exorbitant fee from him, but the American pushes forward and enlists Tita as his ally, knowing that she is susceptible to his romantic charms. What ensues is a triangle between the muse, the spinster, and the gentleman, in which the price of seduction is too high, even for the paper-obsessed American. A modern adaptation of the novella by Henry James.
2415 ::: Maternal (????) ::: As her father is getting ready to remarry, a young daughter named Cheryl is overcome with a wave of nostalgia about her now deceased mother Janet. Wishing to see her mother one last time, Cheryl gets her chance as she encounters her mother's spirit during a near death experience. However one must be careful for what they wish for as Cheryl starts to see Janet's spirit everywhere who has been corrupted by death and is trying to reunite with her daughter by any means necessary. Now Cheryl will have to face the past and learn to move on to be able to live her future life, or forever be with her mother in death.
2416 ::: Documenting Words (2013) ::: Director Ângelo González gathered around 50 volunteers from many different countries to analyze our cultural identity through the languages we speak. Using coffee break moments and different sketches they promote a multicultural debate that challenges audiences interact and participate in this exchange.
2417 ::: Los Jack Machine (2012) ::: 'A world of half-truths, pornography and mindless violence...' We interact with people everyday, but who are you and who is everyone else? Los Jack Machine demonstrates this in real terms, weaving multiple perspectives together into a narrative that examines people of all nationalities and gender.
2418 ::: Weird Scenes Inside the Presidential Election 1984 (????) ::: It was always Doors keyboardist Ray Manzarek's intention that, after conquering the fields of music and film, Jim Morrison would run for President. With this film we ask "What if?" and deliver the experience of a Presidential Debate between Jim and the sitting president, Ronald Reagan.
2419 ::: "The Easter Experience" (2007) ::: Episode 1: My Life has a Purpose Jesus came not to be served, but to serve. Witness Jesus with his disciples at the Last Supper as He teaches by example that our life purpose is found in serving others. Episode 2: My Life can Change In Jesus' darkest hour, two of his closest friends turned their backs on him. Through the betrayals of Peter and Judas, we discover that in response to our sin we have the choice of repentance and life or despair and death. Episode 3: My Pain is Understood The journey to the cross was marked by betrayal, abuse, humiliation, loneliness, and agonizing pain. "Because He Himself suffered when He was tempted, He is able to help those who are being tempted." (Hebrews 2:18 NIV) Episode 4: My Life has a Plan Imagine the thoughts and emotions of Mother Mary as she witnessed Jesus' journey on the road to Golgotha. Watch as she struggles to reconcile giving birth to the Son of God with the scene of His imminent death. Did God really have a plan for her life? What of the life of her perfect, precious Son? Episode 5: I Have the Promise of Eternal Life The heart of the gospel message is powerfully presented as we experience the crucifixion and death of Christ. Through the interaction between Jesus and the thief on the cross, we find ourselves in Jesus' plan of salvation. Episode 6: I have a hope that never dies Mary Magdalene's miraculous experience at the tomb of Jesus is filled with a new message of hope and the promise of eternal life. Through her story, we rejoice in the reality that nothing can ever take from us the hope we have in Christ.
2420 ::: Garden of Lies (1915) ::: An American girl marries the prince of a small European country. On their wedding day, the couple is involved in a car accident, the result of which is that the new bride suffers amnesia and can't remember who she is or anything about herself. While her new husband is off tending to his ailing father, the king, the woman's doctor hires a man to pose as her husband, hoping to jar her memory. She falls in love with her new "husband"; complications ensue.
2421 ::: Lost Cave Temples of the Himalaya (2009) ::: In a remote corner of the Himalaya, in the province of Mustang, mysterious caves, perched high on cliff faces and carved by humans thousands of years ago, have lain just beyond reach - until recently. In April of 2007, a team of climbers and scientists climbed inside the long-hidden chambers for the first time in modern history. Within many of them were found beautiful Buddhist wall paintings and sacrificial artifacts. Most exciting of all, in the last cave that they explored, they found dozens of parchments, as yet to be translated at the time of filming.
2422 ::: Notes on Liberty (2009) ::: Believing that he is just on a trip to New York City to see the Statue of Liberty for his fifth birthday Samuel Scott becomes instead a foil for his parents to create Notes on Liberty. On its surface the movie plays like a portrait of the boy's zeal for the statue. Yet, Notes playfully (at first) signals the difference between the ideals of the statue with the culture of fear and cynicism that still dominate post 9/11 America.
2423 ::: "Nat Geo's Most Amazing Photos" (2009) ::: World-renowned photographer Bob Madden is on a quest to get the perfect photo of lava spewing from the Hawaiian volcano Kilauea. Thirty-five years ago a photo of Kilauea's lava landed him one of his many National Geographic Magazine covers. Flash forward several decades and once again, he wants to capture the red stuff! His quest will lead him to fly into, swim into, run from, and run headlong toward some of the hottest stuff the earth can produce. He cracks it open with scientists, discovers its secrets, and nearly gets himself killed in the process. All in the pursuit to get some of the most amazing photographs on earth.
2424 ::: Look Deeper: Beauty (2015) ::: "Look Deeper: Beauty" celebrates the beauty we all wear regardless of color, size, or shape. The bounce of confidence we slip on our feet. The drape of a smile after self-discovery. Love's blush on our cheeks. The color of our experience. The smallest clutch of regrets. These are the accessories of true beauty.
2425 ::: Halt: The Motion Picture (2016) ::: A black couple Calvin and Alicia Rowland are heading to an award ceremony when they are pulled over by a white cop, Dan Washington and a black Rookie, Thomas Reed, for a broken tail light. The couple finds themselves dealing with more then just a broken taillight when they are told they fit the description of a crime they didn't commit. A simple traffic stop becomes a nightmare that they will never forget.
2426 ::: A Mother's Secret (1918) ::: Angela, an eighteen-year-old girl, appears suddenly before the mother who has not seen her for years. The mother at the time is making desperate efforts to retain her own youth and land her second husband, a young millionaire. Angela, by the result of an accident, is dressed as a child of thirteen when her mother sees her, and the mother makes her continue to play the role of a child to suit her own purposes. But in the end the truth comes out and Angela wins the young millionaire herself. But by this time the first husband. Angela's father, has shown up and her mother is accordingly happy.
2427 ::: You 2 (2003) ::: Sandra Samson, a young Surinamese woman in her early twenties is coming to terms with the fact that she's gay. She is very close to her mother Louise with whom she runs a hairdressing salon in Amsterdam. Louise is worried about the fact that Sandra is still single and blames it on her natural hairstyle. Sandra wants to come out to her mother but has to figure out how to do that.
2428 ::: Voyage of the Balangay (2014) ::: A group of Filipino adventurers went on a 17-month voyage to retrace the migration of our ancestors across the oceans using only the native Balangay, built faithful to the craftsmanship and materials used during the ancient times. Accurate to the method that was used by the earliest mariners - steering by the sun, the stars, the wind, cloud formations, wave patterns and bird migrations, the balangays sailed all throughout the Philippine shores and onto 7 countries in Southeast Asia.
2429 ::: Fisimatenten (2000) ::: An artist finds that leaving the creative life behind is more complicated than he expected in this comedy. Edward Schreiner is a painter whose unusual ideas about art have prevented him from winning an audience for his work. Edward insists on destroying all of his work.
2430 ::: Grudges Guts Glory (2012) ::: The all-time greatest grudge matches in the sports world await you in this action-packed documentary. Army vs. Navy Clay vs. Liston You'll witness the Boston Red Sox vs. the New York Yankees in the final game of the 2003 ALCS the Brooklyn Dodgers vs. the New York Giants in the 1953 pennant playoff not to mention the Hitler Games in the 1936 Berlin Olympics.
2431 ::: R2PC: Road to Park City (2000) ::: An insightful comedy with roots in the great mockumentary movement of the 1980s, the film follows an impassioned and misguided wannabe filmmaker, John Viener (a comedian playing himself), who throws everything away to make "a film that's gonna win Sundance." Seeking advice from friends, industry veterans and technicians, his quest becomes a guided tour of what to do, and, more pointedly, what not to do.
2432 ::: Bye Bye Brasil (1980) ::: The Caravana Rolidei rolls into town with the Gypsy Lord at the mike: he does magic tricks, the erotic Salomé dances, and the mute Swallow performs feats of strength. A young accordion player is completely enamored of Salomé, and he begs to come along. The Gypsy Lord shrugs, and the accordionist and his pregnant wife, Dasdô, join the troupe. Television is their enemy as they go from the coast deep into the Amazon. Salomé lets the accordion player sleep with her once, with Dasdô's knowledge. He's moon-struck. Then, after Dasdô's baby is born and financial disaster hits the troupe, and the accordionist must choose between seeing his wife a prostitute and leaving the caravan.
2433 ::: Paj Ntaub - The Rose Cloth (2015) ::: A love triangle between two good friends Nraug Hli Xiong aka 'X', Tou Lee and a fictional dream girl, Nkauj Hnub Xiong. X is every woman's dream man. He's successful, intelligent and beyond gorgeous, but even with all his good fortune X is empty knowing and sensing that his life is hollow and missing an essential element. Searching for the spark to his life X turns to his dreams and there finds this fantasy girl. Their love blossoms in his subconscious and X deters from reality to find a way to make his fantasy love come to life. However, trying to change the hands of fate, changes their destiny and X is trapped between two worlds.
2434 ::: "Mrs. Carrington" (2009) ::: After losing her husband under mysterious circumstances, Leona Carrington finds herself heir to one of the largest fortunes in the United States. From that moment on, Mrs. Carrington gets engulfed in a thick plot of dark secrets and pestered by eccentric characters who try to lay hands on her fortune. Leona, however, is a strong woman who never falls short of resources...
2435 ::: Revenge Is Sweet (2001) ::: After serving five years in prison because of woman's testimony, a still lovely ex-con hires a burly thug to help her avenge herself upon the witness and her pretty friends. Soon the surprised women will be chloroformed, gagged and tightly bound.
2436 ::: Ottamandaram (2014) ::: The Movie visualizes the anguish of a 14 year old girl. The movie is themed around the life of Kala and her agony which she had to face during her life journey. She lives in a village thickly packed with ordinary people who work hard to earn for their daily bread. As being a village, there had been little scope for modernization. The only primary health center and a government school give some satisfaction for the villagers. Kala, a student of this school lives along with her elder sister Neela and her husband Bharathan. Bharathan who works in a rice mill is a person with has no big dreams. Being much helpful to others, Bharathan is respected and liked by the villagers. Even though he lives only for the family, he is unable to find happiness as the couple doesn't have a child. So they kept their days joyful with Kala brought up as their daughter. Being studious and good in extracurricular activates, the village kept high expectations on her. They wanted her studying well and becoming a doctor who would serve the village. Kala loved text books and invested her time for studies. But the fate conserved for her as she was forced to marry Bharathan, her brother in law. The rest is the plight of the village India, where still the lives are not at all beautiful. At the age of 14 , Kala had to bear the pain of mother which is a regular scene of the villages of India . Pregnancy and depression destroyed the presence of mind of Kala like many of the victims of the Indian childhood marriage. By representing the Indian agony , the character Kala finally rises to new heights and become a nightingale of the times.
2437 ::: "Chiller Night Theater" (2015) ::: The series commenced on 2 May 2015 and screens weekly horror and science fiction movies on WREC-TV Channel 22 Oil City & Time Warner channel 6 Franklin, Venango County Pennsylvania. Besides screening old movies, there are also interviews. The show encourages amateur movie makers to submit their work, which may be screened as part of the show. The show originated in May 2007 as Sleepy Hollow Theater. As at 2 July 2015, the series has aired 7 episodes.
2438 ::: De Franse slag in Zeeland (2015) ::: At the beginning of Second World War in Netherlands, may 1940, French soldiers came to help the Dutch forces conquer Nazi Germany. In the Dutch provinces Zeeland, Noord-Brabant and Limburg where severe battles and a couple of hundred French soldiers died in combat. This documentary tells their story. It tries to answer why they came, how and where the battles where and what the result was. The story is told by and through the eyes of local people.
2439 ::: Chiara (1999) ::: Chiara tells the tale of a brief encounter in a country railway station between a beautiful young Italian girl (Chiara) and an Irish lad, as they wait for their respective train connections, unfortunately heading in opposite directions.
2440 ::: La vida inesperada (2013) ::: Juanito moved to New York to follow his dream of being a big actor. Years have passed and he didn't achieve the success, he expected and spends his life working in different jobs to survive. One day his cousin Jorge arrives to visit him, expecting Juanito to be a successful man. However, through living together they will discover the truth about each other.
2441 ::: "Landsbyen" (1991) ::: The brothers argues and Ingeborg tells the story about their dad. Social services has taken Bo and Eva tries to get him back. Ingeborg meets Johannes at the hospital. Astrid finds Eva's money and Michael shows up in the middle of the night.
2442 ::: Louis Theroux: Behind Bars (2008) ::: For two weeks, Theroux visits the San Quentin State Prison and talks with the guards and the inmates. The guards escort him, tell him what their job is all about and how the prison is subdivided while the inmates tell him there's a segregation of races that can't be undone. Theroux talks to David Silva, who's serving 521 years and 11 life sentences and to two gay couples. He also visits a group of inmates who are kept apart from the other inmates for their own safety.
2443 ::: Wargoon Flishe (2007) ::: Wargoon Flishe is a hero out of ancient myths, but one slightly updated to this age of commerce and mass media. He rises to greatness by virtue of cannibalism and arrogance. His story is a movie like a cave painting drawn on magazine advertising.
2444 ::: Giant Crystal Cave (2008) ::: Hidden deep beneath the surface of the Earth is one of the greatest natural marvels on the planet: a cave with enormous, 36-foot crystals Giant Crystal Cave film. The cave is one of the deadliest environments on Earth Giant Crystal Cave review. Without specialized suits and equipment, explorers would die in minutes Giant Crystal Cave DVD for sale. National Geographic takes you inside the cave and follows the story of the brave scientist that risked life and limb to unlock the secrets of the mysterious ancient crystals Giant Crystal Cave movie.
2445 ::: BrownTown (2015) ::: BrownTown takes a humorous look at the challenges faced by Prabhakar, Samir and Virginia, who are approaching middle-age, recently divorced and trying to juggle their own professional, cultural and family demands while re-evaluating their direction in life. In BrownTown, No Cow Is Scared!
2446 ::: Beyond My Skin (2017) ::: Adapted from the Short Film SKIN, Beyond My Skin is the teenage story of three best friends who are each experiencing dilemmas at home and at school, and depend on each other and Rutherford Creek as a source of support. Devin (Cole Selby), who is gender non-conforming, falls in love with the popular boy, Mason (JJ Becerra), who he thinks accepts him for who he is. Olive, (Isabella Ferreira) who has an overbearing mother, uses social media as an escape to talk to guys after making a mistake in the 8th grade. Being molested by her step father for years, Brynn (Jabriah Anderson), attempts to protect her little sister Trinity (Deysha Nelson), from his actions.
2447 ::: Don't Cry in the Dark: The David Lear Story (2017) ::: This is a gripping tale about a man who was once grounded and of sound mind. He finds himself unable to cope, and for the first time in his life, he is at the mercy of others to pull him through the darkest journey of his life. This struggle toward survival becomes increasingly challenged by his resistance to let go of the past, the pain and the seeming dim reality of his existence. It is a story about survival, hope and recovery.
2448 ::: Marshal (2002) ::: After the traumatic death of his brother, Inspector Ritesh finds that his niece has suffered a trauma and is unable to speak, while his widowed mother and sister-in-law are devastated by his sudden death. Then while apprehending some goons he finds himself surrounded by them and there is no way of calling for help. It is then a man named Marshal shows up and rescues him. Miraculously his niece also starts to speak. Ritesh finds this a good omen for his family and asks Marshal to stay on in their house, and even proposes that he marry his sister-in-law. What Ritesh does not know is that Marshal is a hired assassin and hit-man, and his next target is none other than Ritesh himself.
2449 ::: Kniga (2013) ::: The Book is a story of a man, who changed his life in the name of a faith in god. This film is a study of a meditation about religion by a man of modern times, an examination of a search for new mental guidelines. A real harmony is possible only in the heart of a sincere believer.
2450 ::: Don Quixote (1915) ::: Alonso Quijano is a country gentleman who imagines himself to be a knight named Don Quixote de la Mancha. He sets out to right the wrongs of the world which sees him as he is, a comical figure. But his chivalry and sense of purpose drive him on to great deeds, even if he is laughed at.
2451 ::: Forgotten Voices: Women in Bosnia (2008) ::: Documentary film that explores the lives of several women who survived the war in Bosnia. Their stories are poignant, hopeful and moving. Filmmaker Jennifer Rawlings takes us on a powerful journey through the aftermath of war. Rawlings was inspired to make this film because of her own experiences in traveling to war zones for a decade for the USO. She wanted to give a voice to the forgotten victims of war. The film was made with the hope and belief that the world can be changed and made better - one story at a time.
2452 ::: All the Difference (2016) ::: Filmed over five and a half years, ALL THE DIFFERENCE (83 min.) weaves together the stories of two tough, yet promising young black men, Robert and Krishaun, as they navigate their lives through their high school senior year and all four years of college. They come from broken homes and low-income, high-risk communities in Chicago where barely 50% of young black men graduate from high school and of those that do graduate less than half go on to college and even fewer will graduate within 4 to 6 years. The film explores the factors in their lives (education, parents and grandparents, teachers, role models, personal drive and community support) that made all the difference in helping them be the first in their families to most likely escape poverty and secure a place in the middle class.
2453 ::: "I Have Friends" (2011) ::: I have friends. They're plants. We are plants. The plant people have taken over. Sometimes we sing Little Shop of Horrors songs. Im in the mafia. We put a hit on the friend. Hiiiiii, I'm Tony stark. I hurt my heart in Afghanistan. But it's OK because now I can shoot people with it ;)
2454 ::: "Tablescapes" (2011) ::: Presenter/model/actress Angel Aquino and celebrity chef Bruce Lim travel to exotic island destinations that highlight the natural beauty of the Philippines. Unlike the usual travel/cooking show, the program explores the history of each location along with the traditional dishes that represent the location. What is special about these places is they are off the beaten track and not known to most tourists.
2455 ::: Dead Silence (1989) ::: Justice is served when mass murderer Sam Mason is put to death in the electric chair... or is it? Would be victim Terri is still haunted by Mason and soon finds death is no deterrent for Mason's spirit as he is hellbent on nailing the final nail in Terri's coffin. On a desperate run for her life Mason's spirit latches onto any unsuspecting soul in order to fulfill his quest to kill Terri. She may have put him in the chair, but he will put her through hell!
2456 ::: The World of Alfred Hitchcock (1976) ::: In the setting of his office at Universal Studios, Alfred Hitchcock shares his vision of what an artistic film should be in the framework of a commercial industry, the difference between suspense films and mystery films, his conception of eroticism and his vision of Scandinavian women. He also explains in details how he created the suspense in the famous sequence of North by Northwest in the corn field.
2457 ::: Drôle de noce (1952) ::: Mr and Mrs Barbezat,Concierges,are to marry their only daughter to a butcher's boy .Both the in-laws and the groom have an obsession:come what may,they are keen on honoring their engagements :promises are made to be kept is their motto.And when,on the wedding day ,the unfortunate parents cannot provide the newly weds with...the "Mérinos" mattress which is part of the bride's Trousseau,they are desperate .The husband will spend the whole wedding festivities trying to keep his word.
2458 ::: Molly: Counting Down the Hits (2016) ::: Molly Meldrum chats to old friends such as Brian Canham (Pseudo Echo), Scott Carne (Kids in the Kitchen) and David Sterry (Real Life) as he introduces the video clips of some of your all time favorites such as ABBA, Boy George and Culture Club, Skyhooks, Duran Duran, Divinyls and so much more.
2459 ::: Terry Fator: Live from Las Vegas (2009) ::: Experience why America has fallen in love with Terry Fator's irresistible combination of humor and music and his hilarious cast of characters! The million-dollar winner of "America's Got Talent" and his endearing puppets deliver spot-on performances in the styles of many favorite singers.
2460 ::: A Menina Índigo (2016) ::: Sofia is a child with special abilities, from a Indigo generation. Her biggest wish is to reconcilie her parentes, even if this changes their lifes completely Sofia é uma criança com habilidades especiais que pertence a geraçăo indigo. Seu maior desejo é reaproximar seus pais, mesmo que isso mude suas vidas por completo
2461 ::: Project Cooper Lake 2 (2013) ::: It's the eve of a major shift in human history. But the shift will not occur if key information is not disclosed to the public. Information that will rock humanity's belief of science and religion and change our perception of the world around us. Claire is an agent for a top government corporation who is meeting up with a Lina, a leader of the resistance. Is Claire ready for this kind of responsibility? Is she ready to go public.
2462 ::: Jamie Kennedy: Unwashed (2006) ::: TV and film star Jamie Kennedy (Scream, Malibu's Most Wanted, The Jamie Kennedy Experiment, MTV's Blowin' Up) performs his first stand-up concert special, filmed before a sold-out audience at the San Jose Theater. Raunchier, edgier and more unpredictable than you've ever seen him, Jamie covers a wide variety of topics including his family, being an altar boy, cat sex and fluffers. Watch him mix it up with the crowd in a razor-sharp act featuring over 40 different voices, characters and impressions!
2463 ::: Nineveh (????) ::: On June 4th, 2014 a group of Islamic Radicals, known to the world as ISIS, stormed the towns of the Nineveh Plains, in Iraq. On the morning of June 5th life there would never be the same. From the mosque loud-speakers the decree reverberated through the ancient city "ALL NON-MUSLIMS MUST CONVERT OR DIE". In the days following thousands were killed, or taken as prisoner. Among the captive, a Chaldean Priest Abuna, and a young Yazidi girl Asinja. We follow them into the heart of the genocide - Abuna tortured and leveraged for ransom, Asinja traded and forced into sexual slavery. Will their faith be enough to bring them home alive?
2464 ::: Sto spiti (2014) ::: For many years, Nadja has worked as a housekeeper for an upper class Greek couple and their daughter. She is allowed to feel like part of the family. When she is diagnosed with a serious illness, and the man of the house runs into financial difficulties due to the economic crisis, Nadja loses her job.
2465 ::: Un beso a esta tierra (1995) ::: In the 1920s and 1930s, thousands of Jews from Eastern Europe, Turkey and the Middle East emigrated to Mexico. Their stories are told through archival photographs, film footage, and contemporary interviews with Jewish octogenarians who describe their journeys and their perception of Jewish life in the New World.
2466 ::: "Frida Kahlo, Junior Marketing Exec" (2013) ::: Young Mexican painter Frida Kahlo has come to America to revolutionize the advertising industry. But the spiritually enlightened artist clashes with her cutthroat American colleagues, who resent her unorthodox approach and penchant for self-portraits.
2467 ::: All Things Are Connected (2009) ::: While European missionaries, mapmakers and mercenaries believed the Natural World existed entirely for human gain, the indigenous Indians of the Americas experienced nature as a sacred web of interdependent phenomena; Chief Seattle, of the Suquamish Tribe describing his world view thus: "Every bird, every humming insect, every sandy shore and very shining pine needle is sacred and holy to my people. All things are connected. Man did not weave the web of life. He is merely a strand of it. Whatever he does to the web, he does to himself. This we know".
2468 ::: What Matters Most (2009) ::: After a tragic event, which may or may not be her fault, a young woman decides to give it her best and continue trying to live a normal day to day life. Emily Barlow delivers a powerful performance as Melissa, a woman in her early twenties struggling with everyday life while dealing with inner guilt, fear and anger. What Matters Most is a story which demonstrates how family and friends can help one another fight their demons, overcome tragic events, and learn to understand what life is all about.
2469 ::: "Knot at Home Project" (2006) ::: Young people tell their own stories. Tales of trouble, hope, insight and survival. knot at home project is a series of eight television half hour films. The eight films are the result of a series of community projects run by BIG hART, a non profit organisation. The projects were designed to give people who often go unheard a chance to tell their stories. From 1998 to 2004 over 500 young people were asked to tell stories about when they felt "not at home". The knot at home project films present their stories using interview, narratives, vignettes, songs, animations, dramatised scenes and memories. The unique style of these films is created by allowing the story tellers to be hands on, mentored by experienced film makers in the process of filming, performing, writing and editing. The story tellers have visited and revisited their stories over a period of seven years. And so the audience becomes privy to them growing up, and to the changes that occur in the way they feel about ,and convey their experiences. Directly to camera, they openly express the personal struggles of their lives. Each of the eight films is able to viewed as a stand alone piece. They explore different thematic connections in the stories beginning with stories of survival, to stories of security, love, dreams, family, loyalty and insight.
2470 ::: The Nonsense Express (2012) ::: The Nonsense Express follows Sasha Ilyukevich (Belarus's answer to Bob Dylan) as he leads his unsuspecting band 'The Highly Skilled Migrants' through the musical landscape of the former USSR. To a soundtrack of their unique 'Russophone Bolsha Nova Folk n'Roll', viewers are taken on a rollercoaster of comedic chaos and heartrending disaster as the disorganized tour goes from bad to worse. The film reaches a moving and thought-provoking climax in Sasha's childhood home of Belarus. There the band finally get the captive crowd they've been chasing, but not in quite the situation they had expected -- and dark political undertones emerge... Compiled of HD footage and animated link drawings.
2471 ::: Spies Among Us (????) ::: Agent Harrison Court-006, a black-ops spy crisscrosses the globe to exotic locations on a mission to diffuse a deadly plot destined to unleash a super weapon on American cities. A den of SPIES AMONG US engages in covert operations behind a curtain of espionage and intrigue to eliminate the evil minds that plot destruction. A race of supremacy among world leaders lures the suave, debonair, and dangerous Harrison Court-006 into an arena of international espionage. Control of the lethal weapon ultimately decides who the real superpower is, as the players feed their thirst for dominance. Court races against time across Asia and Europe in a mission to discover who the real enemy is before death and destruction wipe out the world's inhabitants. The US and its adversary launch their devious schemes to jockey for world domination while a long-time opponent joins forces with the victor. When Court discovers his spy-girl has been abducted, a high speed, perilous car chase ensues that exposes DaSage, a rogue ex-CIA agent, as a pivotal player in advancing the ambitions of foreign antagonists to turn the war machine. Harrison Court is faced with the dilemma to decipher their true intentions and uncovers the fallout of uncertainty, chaos, and mayhem of a Stars Wars-like weapon that wields unimaginable might. DaSage's secret has monumental consequence to those who will utilize whatever means necessary to obtain it. Agent Court must decode a target list of cities the defense system will destroy and stop its genius of annihilation before it's too late. 006 is the only man for the mission to conquer the evils of the world in their schemes for power and revenge and defeat the phantom of silent gravity before history is altered forever.
2472 ::: Thick As Steves' (2018) ::: Thick as Steves' is a comedy written by and starring Kris Hitchen and David Howell. It tells the story of two workmates from Stockport, Steven and Stephen who lose their jobs and go on a calamitous crime spree to make some much-needed money. They mistakenly end up involved in the seedy underworld of drug smuggling, human trafficking, the sex trade and much much more. Filmed as a TV pilot with a further six 30 min episodes penned. When Steven and Stephen lifelong friends lose their job at Khan and sons they need to come up with a way of making money and fast. They embark on a calamitous crime spree with hilarious consequences and get embroiled in the world of prostitution, drug smuggling, human trafficking and even murder. The TV Series is set with the backdrop's of Manchester, Blackpool, Wales, Amsterdam and France and has a whole host of characters from Dutch Tony (drug baron and brothel owner) and his right-hand women Laura lips, The Petric twins (polish serial killers), Auntie Jean and her ladies of the night, The Khan brothers Freddie, Julio and Elvis and Steve's Highmaintence wife Tracy and her two children Jasmine and Shanice who she swears they are his. - - or are they?
2473 ::: "Baby... I'm Back!" (1977) ::: Seven years after Ray Ellis abandoned his wife Olivia and two children, he is declared officially dead. That's when Ray reenters their life, only to find that Olivia is engaged to marry uptight Army colonel Dickey. Interested in reopening their old relationship, Ray moves next door to Olivia and their kids, hoping to assure them that he has changed his irresponsible ways, much to Dickey's chagrin.
2474 ::: Transit (2008/II) ::: Transit takes place on the New York subway and follows a young man who falls asleep on a train. His dreams are informed by the sights and sounds of his journey to Coney Island and back.
2475 ::: Gidget (1959) ::: Due to an accident while swimming in the sea, Francis meets the surfer Moondoggy. She's fascinated of his sport and starts to hang out with his clique. Although they make fun of her at first, they teach her to surf. Soon she's accepted and given the nickname "Gidget". But it's hard work to become more than a friend to Moondoggy. Whereas her friends' thoughts are now toward the opposite sex, seventeen year old southern Californian Francie Lawrence just wants to continue with the innocent, carefree and more tomboyish pursuits in which they've always partaken. While on a manhunt at the beach, Francie's friends are interested in the young men there, but Francie becomes more interested in what those men are doing: surfing. All the surfers treat Francie like one of the guys - albeit a smaller, less experienced one - and nickname her Gidget (short for girl midget). The surfers' unofficial leader is known as the Kahuna, a thirty-something man whose sole goal in life is to travel the world looking for the perfect waves. All the younger guys aspire to Kahuna's life. Despite their less than amicable start, Gidget is ultimately taken under the reluctant wing of one of those younger guys, nicknamed Moondoggie, who comes from a privileged background but who wants to live life on his own terms, just like the Kahuna. As she spends more time with them, Gidget realizes that she is beginning to have those womanly feelings, specifically for Moondoggie. Gidget has all summer to try and get Moondoggie to notice her as a woman. If he doesn't, perhaps Jeff Matthews will, he being the college aged son of a friend of Gidget's father, who has been trying to set up the two all summer.
2476 ::: Teenage Kicks (2016) ::: Seventeen year old Miklós Varga's plans to escape his migrant family and run away with his best friend Dan are crushed by the accidental death of his older brother Tomi. Only Mik knows the events that led to this tragedy, and he is suddenly forced to navigate his guilt and explosive sexuality to find the man he can become. Miklós is at the age when everything feels high-stakes. He is coming to terms with his own sexuality, and when his best friend Dan reveals that he has a new girlfriend, this puts an end to their plans to run away together. He is torn between loyalty to his migrant family and his own desires, and his world is soon rocked by the death of his brother Tomi, that he feels partly responsible for. Teenage Kicks beautifully captures this whirlwind period in Miklós' life, dealing with themes of guilt, friendship, cultural and familial loyalty, and burgeoning sexuality.
2477 ::: The Excellence Files (1997) ::: The Excellence Files gives you insights into what smart companies are doing to meet the changes and challenges of the future. Here's a sampling of what you will learn from some of the eight case studies: ˇ At Southwest Airlines you will see how a unique company culture has turned this airline into a leader in a very competitive business. ˇ In the segment called Streamlining for Global Competition, you will see product development meetings at Rubbermaid and an Israeli company ZAG. See innovation and competition in action. ˇ At the Defense Personnel Support Center, see how a government agency changed itself and improved service and quality. ˇ At USAA, you will see how this customer service leader is Future-Proofing the Business ˇ At Coca Cola you will hear how the failure of the New Coke product launch taught the company huge lessons in brand power. ˇ And at Whole Foods Market, you will see truly empowered teams work to solve problems and deliver extraordinary service.
2478 ::: Sekkusu hantâ - sei kariudo (1980) ::: A beautiful young ballet dancer is accepted into a prestigious and exclusive dance academy. Overjoyed at the opportunity to further her career and repair her relationship with her boyfriend, she soon discovers that the academy has a much, much darker side to it--and she may not be able to escape it.
2479 ::: "Taxi Orange" (2000) ::: 13 strangers live in a house in Vienna. They have to lead a taxi company, and may use the money they earn with that. Except of that, they have no contact with the rest of the world (no newspapers, no TV, no radio). Every week one of the residents is voted off by a fellow resident, who was voted as winner of the week by the audience. The last one to remain in the house wins 1.000.000,-- ATS.
2480 ::: The Nincompoops Hindi Movie (2013) ::: Jp is on overs mart detective , Gobo is a overgrown child who lives with his mother & Dhyaanchand is a struggling actor who also struggles with his English. Using the limited brain power they try to outsmart the situation & the women in order to get their money back. However they cannot help but display their natural stupidity in every situation, leading to them creating unintentional problems for themselves
2481 ::: The Frozen Warning (1917) ::: The sub-sea gun which is being perfected by Lieutenant Vane is coveted by Koral, a secret agent of a foreign government, who plots to secure it. Charlotte hears of the conspiracy and, at a skating-rink party, warns Vane, but he takes the matter lightly. From a secret wireless plant Koral is to send a message to Fredericks aboard his yacht. Charlotte cuts the antennae of the wireless apparatus on the boat, thereby preventing the receipt of the message. Fredericks, believing that something has gone wrong with Koral for his failure to communicate, sails, but at sea discovers that his wireless machine has been damaged. Meanwhile Vane finds that his gun has been stolen, and later he receives a note from Charlotte to be at the pier. The authorities are informed, and when Fredericks returns he runs into the arms of the law. Koral and his confederates are also taken prisoners.
2482 ::: The Greatest Fight (2015) ::: He's a legend of the UFC. He was a superstar in the WWF. But for Ken Shamrock, the end of one of the greatest fighting careers is close. Filmmaker Darren Wilson was allowed unprecedented access into Ken's world as he fought what were thought to be his final three fights, but along the way, a larger story emerged-one where a man's total identity was being changed. Raw, honest, and unpredictable, this film six years in the making captures the passion, desire and ultimate hope of one of the greatest fighters of all time.
2483 ::: King of Punk (2007) ::: The 'King of Punk' documentary includes interviews with members of legendary Punk bands like the Ramones, Adicts, Exploited, Avengers, Dead Boys, UK Subs, Zeros, Wayne County & the Electric Chairs and many other artists who were involved in the Punk scene between 1976 and 1982. It also profiles OBGYN, an all-girl punk band based in Fayetteville, N.C., and Patrick Clement, owner of FNS Records. The film's title, which is based on one of OBGYN's song titles, doesn't refer to any one person. That's the whole idea of punk, is that there's no idolizing. Anybody can do it. . . everybody is the King of Punk.
2484 ::: Another Planet (2017) ::: A documentary animation film about virtual models of the Auschwitz Concentration Camp. The film unfolds within the models and follows their creators: Israeli high-school students who have used a flight simulator to reconstruct the Israeli Air Force flyover at Auschwitz; a German prosecutor who uses a computerized model of the camp for a criminal trial; a Polish graphic designer who created a virtual reality experience; an Israeli gamer who developed a revenge game; and a German architect and Israeli historian who have measured the camp to create an accurate architectural model. The film is designed like a mosaic, where animated figures of the model creators wander around their own models, revealing their personal motivations. This is a voyage into the depths of memory, which addresses the human obsession with reconstruction and documentation. Do computerized models offer new ways to represent memory and cope with trauma? Can the virtual replace the real and transform the current, almost sacred representations of the Holocaust?
2485 ::: Black Wedding (2015) ::: Black Wedding is a pitch-dark comedy on marriage. Not a single word is spoken, but murder is ubiquitous. It's the uproarious story of a husband and wife that artfully tries to kill each other - again and again, for 76 minutes, without speaking a single word. It's the way it is sometimes in a marriage. But the crafty couple pursue their devious plans without their daughter, who has sinister intentions all her own. And so one dramatic event chases the other - hilariously, surprisingly, and shockingly.
2486 ::: A Generation Apart (1983) ::: Children of survivors of the Holocaust ask how that event may have shaped them consciously and unconsciously. The Fishers are the primary focus: filmmaker Jack, his older brother Joe, and their parents who raised three sons in the Bronx. They talk about family dynamics and their perceptions and feelings. Also profiled are Shelley Gelfman, an artist, and her mother Mary, and less intensely, we meet a physician and an actor who are children of survivors. In the conversations, people discuss guilt, love, and loss. The parents suggest they may have placed too much hope on their children's shoulders, been too protective, or held back affection. The children respond.
2487 ::: A Mindful Choice (2016) ::: Two modern day monks meet a diverse range of people making a choice for a better life through meditation. Ballet dancers and writers, stressed business people, a cancer patient, foster children and maximum-security prisoners; their stories show peace is possible for individuals and communities - and suggests it may be possible for all of humanity. Stunning cinematography combined with the power of people sharing from a place of profound peace delivers a palpable and moving experience.
2488 ::: Kurjuuden kuningas (2009) ::: Jakke, a lazy warehouse worker, is about to get married with a young and very pregnant girl he barely knows. When Jakke's friends find out his plans, they take him to a local pub for a last night out as a free man. Somwhere between this pathetic barroom loneliness and beer-inspired anecdotes Jakke confronts his buddies and tries to decide what to do with his life.
2489 ::: The Truth About The Philadelphia Experiment: Invisibility, Time Travel and Mind Control - The Shocking Truth (2010) ::: A U.S. Navy Ship vanishes during a secret World War II Experiment gone awry. When it re-appears, observers are horrified to see crew members embedded in the deck and steel of the ship. During a sea trial, the ship vanishes and travels through time setting off a number of events that continue today.
2490 ::: Uttoran (1994) ::: Sen Gupta, a doctor who only treats upper-class patients, is forced to confront his own moral and medical beliefs as he discovers rural India during an unexpected stop at a village. He finds a breathless man lying on the side of the road. With little sympathy, the doctor sends him back to his own village for treatment. When Dr. Gupta discovers that the villages wants a witch doctor to treat the man, he attends the exorcism and is shocked. A transformation of the cold city man then follows.
2491 ::: "Circus" (1989) ::: Singh, an animal seller, visits Apollo Circus and requests Babuji, who is the owner of the Circus, to purchase a Bear as it would be of great benefit for his Circus but Babuji refuses citing an ongoing financial crisis. Rao, the owner of Atlas Circus meets Babuji and offers to buy his Circus which infuriates Babuji as he has no intention of selling his Circus which he has been running for close to 25 years. In the evening Jonathan has a heated argument with Kanti and Vicky, fellow artists of the Circus, and Sultan has to interfere to cool things down. Kanti and Vicky are fed of Jonathan's regular habit of getting drunk and picking up fights with everyone and wonder why Babuji doesn't throw him out of the Circus, to which Sultan replies that Babuji would never do that because Jonathan has always been loyal to Apollo Circus and did not bother to join a new Circus despite being the best Trapeze artist of the country. Many years ago, Jonathan was one of the star artists of Apollo Circus but due to an accident he lost his leg and had to take an early retirement. Later in the day, Babuji receives a call from his son Shekharan who informs him that he will soon be returning to India. Out of sheer happiness Babuji decides to buy a new Bear from Singh for his Circus.
2492 ::: Franky (????/II) ::: Cassie Daniels is an up and coming cage fighter, she is the number one contender for the belt. Unfortunately women's cage fighting isn't as prosperous as she might like. Forced to raise her own money to promote her talent in the ring, winning the belt seems unattainable. When she learns that her cruel foster mother's death leaves her and her foster siblings the heirs of a small fortune, she immediately returns home for the funeral. When she arrives to home she was raised up in she is forced into a unwanted reunion with her foster family. Despite distant memories of growing in a dysfunctional foster home, she quickly realizes how much she misses old times. Cassie can see her goal right in front of her. Tomorrow her problems will be solved, tomorrow she will be rich. Tomorrow abruptly turns into a nightmare when her psychopath foster brother named Franky, Hell bent on revenge turns the foster homes from laughs of joy into screams of terror
2493 ::: Land and Live in the Jungle (1944) ::: In this World War II military training film, a B-25 crew bails out over the jungle, and the pilot is separated from the rest of of his crew. The two groups of soldiers must survive until they can meet up and be rescued. The pilot does almost everything wrong, and the rest of his crew does almost everything right. We learn, by both bad and good example, how to survive in the jungle.
2494 ::: "Forever Young" (2013) ::: Forever Young" is a part reality show, part social experiment that will pair up young and old folks as they get to know each other and work together in a face-off against other young/old duos. The contestants in 'Forever Young' have challenging, touching but mostly hilarious interactions. The show will place different generations in situations that will create great comedy along with some poignant moments.
2495 ::: "Ed Stafford: Left for dead - Bulgaria, the Rhodope Mountains" (2017) ::: Explorer, adventurer and survival expert Ed Stafford faces a brand new challenge in "Left for Dead". Dropped in to Rhodope mountains, Bulgaria, Ed has up to 10 days to reach a rendezvous point, meet his extraction transport and get out alive. If he doesn't make it he faces even more time in isolation, the humility of calling in team support and the embarrassment of failure. This incredible new series sees Ed battling extreme environments around the world - think subtropical forests, dry deserts and uninhabited mountains. Ed has quite literally been dropped in the wilderness with a camera and no survival kit, and has just 10 days to reach human civilization. With nothing but his wit and will about him, he must rely solely on his survival instincts.
2496 ::: End of the World (As We Knew It) (2014) ::: There is a growing global unrest, a large faction of people from all walks of life, both young and old, feel they are being effected by an outside source, sharing a deep rooted fear that all is not "right." Many feel that time itself is moving too fast, that they are traumatized by the pressure to "keep up" with the ever changing landscape around us, leaving many paralyzed and overwhelmed by the cacophony and mindless chatter of technology that pervades every aspect of their lives. Are we losing ourselves amidst this "modern" world? Are we living a lie under the charade of "an advanced and civilized society," all while we are destroying life on earth - polluting our air, food, water, and ultimately our minds, while destroying species, habitat and even human lives on a daily basis? Are labor saving devices, products and services for anything and everything erasing our true selves or simply making our lives "easier"? Since the industrial revolution, man has continued to distance himself from the world in which we came, a world of flora and fauna of which we were once deeply connected throughout our evolution. Now, many experts feel we are no longer in the age of "common sense" that we are just steps away from a truly Orwellian existence, and that we are now de-evolving to the point of no return.
2497 ::: Cabra Marcado Para Morrer (1984) ::: Eduardo Coutinho was filming a movie with the same name in the Northeast of Brazil, in 1964, when there came the military coup. He had to interrupt the project, and came back to it in 1981, looking for the same places and people, showing what had ocurred since then, and trying to gather a family whose patriarch, a political leader fighting for rights of country people, had been murdered. In 1962, in the country city of Sapé, Paraíba, the peasant leader Joăo Pedro Teixeira is executed by those affected by his attempt of organizing the explored men of the field. In 1964, the CPC of UNE (a group of the students) and the Movimento de Cultura Popular de Pernambuco decide to make a movie about the life and death of Joăo Pedro. On 26 February 1964, begins the shootings in Engenho Galiléa, Pernambuco, with the wife of Joăo Pedro, Elizabeth Teixeira, performing the role of herself. Thirty-five days later, on April 1st 1964 - the day of the military coup-d'état and beginning of the military dictatorship, the location is invaded by the Brazilian Army, searching for subversives and Cubans and arresting the local leaders and crew-members. Seventeen years later, director Eduardo Coutinho returns to the location, and interview the survivors, looking for the members of Teixeira's family, shattered by the former regime.
2498 ::: "Dr. Ruth Westheimer" (1984) ::: A sex advice talk show hosted by Doctor Ruth Westheimer. In each day's program, Dr. Ruth talks about a different aspect of relationships and human sexuality, usually encouraging to not be afraid or ashamed of their bodies and their feelings. She also includes a number of guest speakers in her show, as well as taking phone-in questions from viewers at home.
2499 ::: La Generación de Pío (2011) ::: Pio is a spoiled, snob, lonely and extravagant 23 years old young man, but he is also a literature genius whose parents passed away in a tragic accident. He is the only heir of a big fortune that he decided to spend making reality a new dream, something that is even more important than the successful books he wrote. He wants to create a generation of writers such as those of the XX century. and he wants that his generation succeeds by copying the way of life and the conception of work of those who, one hundred years ago, managed to create a community devoted to literature. To do this Pio turns one of the castles he inherited into a Residence Hall and invites other awarded young writers. To convince them to be part of his dream Pio promises them a wage, however the guests must respect strict and old-fashioned rules. Six out of the eleven writers that Pio invited accept the conditions and move to the Residence Hall. But soon the differences between Pio and the writers become a problem. The young artists go party, drink and do not seem to care much about literature. This way of life threatens the dream of Pio, who has to face problems he never dealt with before.
2500 ::: "E! News" (1991) ::: Airing weeknights at 7pm CST, E!'s hosts and correspondents keep you in the know with the hottest entertainment stories, trends and celebrity interviews; plus discussions each day about the latest developments and yet-to-be-confirmed gossip. Fun and topical, this is E! News.
2501 ::: The Wrath (2007) ::: In the mid 1800's a family fortune is hidden deep in a cave in what is now Griffith Park, CA and a terrifying netherworld beast is tasked to guard it. Forward to present day and the lone surviving heir goes in search encountering perils and dangers that lie in wait for her along the way. In 1863, the moribund Don Antonio Feliz is lured by his friend Don Coronel and signs his will giving his properties in Los Angeles to him before dying. His blind niece loses in court and curses Don Colonel, his lawyer Don Innocante, the judge and their families. On the present days, Antonio Feliz's descendant Angelina Feliz and her boyfriend Derek Blake accidentally find an ancient map where the family treasure is hidden in the Griffith Park. They ask their language arts professor John Diaz to translate the map, but the dishonest teacher steals the copy. With the stinky drifter George Abernathy, they locate where the fortune is.
2502 ::: Silhouettes in Shadow and Light (2010) ::: Academy Award Winning cinematographer Vilmos Zsigmond a.s.c. and Producer Jack Robinette document their experiences in creating the independent early American New Wave film "Summer Children" in 1965. Vilmos recounts his techniques and artistic approaches as a Director of Photography and camera operator applying his European aesthetic influences. Intimate stories of their experiences working together on the production of this film on Catalina Island are shared spontaneously between DP and producer. The feature "Summer Children" plays in the background of this recorded narrative of their experiences.
2503 ::: Un beau dimanche (2013) ::: Baptiste is a solitary type. A teacher in southern France, he never stays more than three weeks in the same job. One Friday, he finds himself in charge of Mathias, one of his pupils, who hasn't been picked up after school. Mathias takes the boy to his mother, Sandra. She's a beautiful woman who has led a bit of a wild life and who now works on a beach near Montpellier. Within a day, the trio have formed a bond, like the beginnings of a family for these three people who don't have one. But the magic doesn't last. Sandra owes money and if she doesn't pay up something dire could happen. She must hit the road, flee once again. To help Sandra, Baptiste must take a look back at the origins of his own life, at the most painful and secret parts of himself.
2504 ::: Vokzal dlya dvoikh (1983) ::: Platon Ryabinin, a pianist, is traveling by train to a distant town of Griboedov to visit his father. He gets off to have lunch during a twenty minute stop at Zastupinsk railway station. He meets Vera, a waitress, after he refuses to pay her for the disgusting food he doesn't even touch and misses his train due to police investigation of the incident. His passport is then accidentally taken away from him by Andrei, Vera's fiancé, and his money is stolen as he waits for the next train to Griboedov. Vera learns that Platon is about to get sentenced and sent to prison in the Far East for a car accident he isn't guilty for. During the few days that Platon has to spend in Zastupinsk he and Vera develop feelings for each other...
2505 ::: The Honourable Rebel (2015) ::: The Honourable Elizabeth Montagu, writer, actress, musician, film dialogue director, linguist and lover, evaded the clutches of the Gestapo by escaping to work as a secret agent for Alan Dulles and the British Secret Service during the war. True story of the Honourable Elizabeth Montagu, born as heir to the Beaulieu estate. 17 years later her half brother Lord Montagu was born and took her place. Far from being upset she spreads her wings and becomes a consummate musician, actress, writer, escapes with the Germans on her heels and becomes a secret agent in Switzerland during the war. With her linguistic abilities, contacts and lovers she became invaluable on such films as The Third Man, an Ideal Husband, and many others.
2506 ::: Dies d'agost (2006) ::: Confused after months of work searching for material to write about a time in history that a journalist had often spoken about, Marc calls his brother David and they set off on a short vacation. But Marc cannot switch off and David takes him further south, to a place where they have heard people come to from far a field in pursuit of a fish with cat-like whiskers. Without realizing, the two brothers travel into unknown countryside where many ups and downs befell their grandfather, and come across a series of drifting characters that submerge them in a lost paradise.
2507 ::: The Superior Human? (2012) ::: A documentary that systematically challenges the common human belief that humans are superior to other life forms. The documentary reveals the absurdity of this belief while exploding human bias.
2508 ::: Rozmowy kontrolowane (1991) ::: Stanislaw Tym revives his career-making role as government agent Ryszard Ochodzki in this follow-up to The Bear that tracks Ryszard on a brand-new assignment. Col. Molibden has asked him to infiltrate the legendary labor movement known as Solidarity.
2509 ::: Bheem vs Aliens (2010) ::: Aliens from a planet called Zeake attack Dholakpur. They destroy the palace and take King Indravarma and Princess Indumati captive. The aliens then proceed to Pehalwanpur. Kyto, the alien leader challenges Bheem to a game to release the king and his daughter.
2510 ::: Festen (1998) ::: The Father turns 60. His family, which is a big one of the kind, gathers to celebrate him on a castle. Everybody likes and respects the father deeply...or do they? The youngest son is trying to live up to the father's expectations. He is running a grill-bar in a dirty part of Copenhagen. The oldest son runs a restaurant in France, while the sister is a anthropologist. The older sister has recently committed suicide and the father asks the oldest son to say a few words about her, because he is afraid he will break into tears if he does it himself. The oldest son agrees without argument. Actually he has already written two speeches. A yellow and a green one. By the table, he asks the father to pick a speech. The father chooses green. The oldest son announces that this is the Speech of Truth. Everybody laughs, except for the father who gets a nervous look on his face. For he knows that the oldest son is about to reveal the secret of why the oldest sister killed herself. A darkly comic journey into forbidden family territory. No one can ignore a person like Danish patriarch Helge Klingenfeldt. So on his sixtieth birthday, a celebration is required. Friends and relatives scurry to the country estate. Eventually, every family's secrets will come out. And since his twin sister's death two months ago, prodigal son Christian is more haunted than usual. The time has come for the darkest family skeleton to be revealed, and it must be done in their father's style - with flair, and malice. The patriarch and grandfather Helge is celebrating his 60th birthday. His children, two sons and a daughter arrive to celebrate with him. A second daughter has recently committed suicide and the son Christian holds a speech that clears the cobwebs from all the lies the family members have told each other for many years. The celebration becomes a weekend that none will ever forget.
2511 ::: Time Trials (2012) ::: Set in present day, a CalTech quantum physicist believes the next scientific breakthrough will be the discovery of time travel. He fears this will inevitably result in the destruction of life as we know it, and as such, strives to preserve time. The catch: to prevent time travel, he must first understand it. And to understand it, he must break his only rule and invent it. His greatest fear is realized when his partner commits the ultimate betrayal. Our series examines mankind's tampering with time. It explores our morality and ethics, as well as our occasional disregard for both.
2512 ::: The Symbol of the Unconquered (1920) ::: Eve Mason, a very light-skinned negro, leaves Selma, Alabama for the northwest town of Oristown to occupy the land she inherited from her grandfather. There she meets kindly Hugh Van Allen, who turns out to be her neighbor, and he gives her a lift to her place outside of town. Jefferson Driscoll is another very light-skinned negro who wants to be taken as white, and he hates the negro race because his mother once interfered with his wooing a white girl. Driscoll gets in league with unsavory August Barr, an Indian fakir called Tugi, and horse thieves Bill Stanton and Philip Clark. When Driscoll intercepts a letter for Van Allen showing his land is on an oil field, the group posts notes on Van Allen's tent, threatening his life if he won't sell his land. Van Allen ignores the the notes, which are signed "The Knights of the Black Cross," leaves for town to buy furniture and won't be back for 48 hours. In his absence, the last note is posted, giving him 48 hours to sell. The group, led by Bill Stanton, plans a midnight attack and tells the others "In one hour we will have driven him mad and burned him in his lair." Barr's wife Mary, upset by the planned massacre, goes to warn Eve, who rides to town for help, just as Van Allen returns, unaware of the impending attack.
2513 ::: Natas: The Reflection (1986) ::: Steve finds an old Indian Shaman who informs Steve that time is running out and that the evildoer, Natas, will soon return and must be stopped. Steve follows the map and uses the magical necklace the Shaman gave to him to seek out and stop Natas. After one visit to a ghost town with Zombies, Steve returns with four friends to prove the existence of this town and to help him find and defeat Natas.
2514 ::: Forgiveness: A Time to Love and a Time to Hate (2011) ::: Helen Whitney's Forgiveness explores the act of forgiveness through a wide range of stories, from adultery and personal betrayal to the post-genocidal reconciliation of nations. In focusing on specific instances of affliction--one family torn apart by abandonment, the post-apartheid Truth and Reconciliation hearings in South Africa or the memories of '60s radicals coping with their violent acts of protest--FORGIVENESS studies the psychological impetus and impacts of this crucial sentiment, illuminating its power, its limitations and, in some cases, its dangers.
2515 ::: Nous resterons sur Terre (2009) ::: Urban sprawl, extinct species, depletion of natural resources and global warming are all causes of deep anxiety. Here to stay takes an uncompromising look at Planet Earth today, in all its beauty but also its scars and contradictions. Illustrating the intricate relationship and contrasts between the miracles of nature and man's obsession in trying to tame them. Can we turn back the tide? What do we really want for ourselves?
2516 ::: "Nautical Adventures of Capt Sqns. NYC" (2012) ::: A reality show gone mad. Join punk rocker Tony Sqns (pronounced "sickness") as he explores the vast waterways surrounding NYC on his sailboat 'Spazmo'. He and his crew push the envelope amid hijinks and situations that might make the average person abandon ship. Despite the comedy an educational show, at least Tony thinks so. Political Correctness Advisory: NOT PC Is it a Comedy? Adventure? Reality show? Mockumentary? Nautical show? No one knows for sure yet but stay tuned.
2517 ::: Mangue Negro (2008) ::: A poor community in the remote state of Espirito Santo, Brazil, ekes an existence by fishing and picking crustaceans from the local tropical mangroves. Their meagre survival gradually becomes threatened by pollution of their waters and the eminent disappearance of the source of their livelihood. Suddenly, from the contaminated muddy dark swamp, zombie-like creatures emerge to attack the community. One by one people are ravaged and killed by the zombie creatures... A frightened timid survivor discovers a swift ability with the machete - but what poor and timid talent as a lover. In a polluted mangrove swamp, the locals recall the time when they could fish and catch mud crabs to sell and feed their families and themselves in their isolated community; now the swamp is dead and they can hardly find a fish or a crab in the dirty water. During a night, dead bodies raise from the swamp, attacking and biting the dwellers that transform into aggressive zombies. The local Luís fights against the monsters to survive and save the life of Raquel, on whom he has a crush.
2518 ::: The Boogey Man (1980) ::: A young girl witnesses her brother murder a man through a reflection in a mirror. Twenty years later the mirror is shattered, freeing his evil spirit, which seeks revenge for his death.
2519 ::: Hyvä postimies (2016) ::: A small and stubborn Bulgarian village facing the Turkish border has been resisting foreign invaders since the times of the Roman and Ottoman Empires. Now its electorate of 38 elderly Bulgarians is deciding on future of Europe. The Great Gate, as the village has been called for centuries because of its location on the doorsteps of the former Ottoman Empire, has found itself in the middle of European crisis, as at night asylum seekers sneak across the border causing fear and unrest. Once again the sleepy and forgotten village has become the most important secret loophole of Europe. Postman Ivan has a new political vision. He decides to run for mayor to bring the dying village to life by welcoming refugees. His opponents want either to close their eyes or close down the border and reintroduce communism. Busy on the campaign trail while delivering the mail, Ivan soon learns that while good intentions are not enough, even the smallest deeds matter.
2520 ::: Words and Music in Honor of Fahrenheit 9/11 (2005) ::: A benefit fund raiser hosted by Michael Moore for Iraqi military families. Includes musical performances by the Goo Goo Dolls, Wycelf Jean, Joan Baez, and Tom Morello, and celebrity speeches by Roseann Barr and Valerie Harper, Iraqi War veterans and military families.
2521 ::: Hollywood Beauty Salon (2016) ::: HOLLYWOOD BEAUTY SALON portrays life at an intimate beauty parlor inside of the Germantown Recovery Community, a non-profit mental health facility in Northwest Philadelphia, where staff and clients alike are in the process of recovery. By gathering together to get their hair done, share stories, and support one another, they find a way to rebuild their lives. The documentary-which was work-shopped at the Salon over the course of four years-is also part of the recovery process, and the subjects of the film played an active part in shaping their own narratives and determining their unique individual styles.
2522 ::: "Gon" (2012) ::: The Gon series features the completely wordless adventures of the irascible title character, a tiny fictional dinosaur, as he interacts with the natural world. Gon somehow survived the extinction of his fellow dinosaurs and interacts with paleolithic animals.
2523 ::: "Favorit" (2005) ::: based on the famous novel by Valentin Pikul. During the rule of Peter III , who came to the throne after the death of Empress Elizabeth, was short-lived. Peter III set up an army against him with his hastily reforms, and was deposed by a military rebellion. Catherine became the empress.
2524 ::: Sur,Face (2016) ::: What is it that you do not like in your appearance? In the world of constant expansion where the borders were abolished, one company is set to reconsider the beauty itself. Since the release of SUR\FACE app, the market of cosmetic surgery was constantly growing representing an increase of 63%. Our users are always satisfied (98% of satisfaction), so they demand new destinations to discover via the holograms that carry the user into distant galaxies. With SUR\FACE, surgery of the future invests our present. Expand the range of your appearances and enhance your superego!
2525 ::: San tiao ren (1999) ::: The protagonist is Asano who has had an amazing memory since his youth spent in Okinawa. Words have tangible shapes, tastes and colours for him. This goes so far that he is not even able to forget words once he has heard them. He travels the seas and because 'Hong Kong' feels wonderful, he goes ashore there. He chances upon the Dive Bar, that soon turns out to be the haven of comfort he has been seeking since his youth. The bar is run by the flamboyant, hospitable Kevin, who is also an alcoholic, eclectic lover and a perfect confidant to Asano. But Kevin keeps forgetting all kinds of things and that gets him into trouble sometimes. Words seem only to stand in the way of the relationship between Asano and Kevin... Since his childhood in Okinawa, Asano has had a mnemonic memory. For him, words have tactile forms and tastes that make them constantly present in his mind; as a result, he can't forget a word once he's heard it. Now he is in "gridlock," his memories blocking the flow of life. Asano finds himself in Hong Kong's Dive Bar, drawn by the colour of the gay club's couches, a shade of blue which reminds him of the sea. Kevin, the bar's flamboyant owner, is a lush, unable to recall most of his booze-soaked, wild life. He is arrested every night because he cannot remember how to pronounce the name of his street in Cantonese. Asking instead to be taken to the police station, he is promptly arrested for public mischief. The film chronicles Kevin and Asano's meeting, in which words are a burden.
2526 ::: You Ruined Our Life! (2017) ::: Bob Tearman (Bob Mann) is 42 with a bullet. No wife, no kids. Zero accomplishments. His life has not turned out the way he thought it would. So much so, that's he's seriously wondering if he should even carry on living. And then one morning, through some kind of magic he doesn't understand, he finds the 12 year-old version of himself, Bobby (Jordan Poole) asleep in his apartment. When Bobby sees how badly their life has turned out he is determined to put things right. His plan to do this involves going after the bullies from junior high, now adults like Bob, and...wait for it...killing them. As things spiral out of control, Bob has his hands full, first with Bobby's crazy dreams of revenge and later the bullies themselves when the dreams become reality. At that point, to quote Bad Boys 2, the **** gets real.
2527 ::: "Jue dai shuang jiao" (1999) ::: Xiao Yu Er and Hua Wuque, twin sons of adventurer Jiang Feng and the slave girl Hua Yuenu, are separated at birth when their parents are killed. Xiao Yu'er, initially in the care of Jiang Feng's sworn brother Yan Nantian, was lost to the notorious Ten Villains, who raised the child and made him their disciple. Hua Wuque was raised in the secret Yi Hua Palace by his parents' enemy Yao Yue, who taught him martial arts with the evil intentions to make the twins kill each other. However, after surviving several adventures together, the two expert martial artists developed a friendship despite being unaware of their relationship and becoming entangled in several love triangles with women they met. The story's climax ensues as Yao Yue forces Hua Wuque to challenge Xiao Yu Er to a fight to the death.
2528 ::: Devushka-dzhigit (1955) ::: A girl and her young man are both hoping to show their prowess with race horses. However, there are conflicts with villain Surtubayev, Kozhabekov's rival for the love of Abdukarimova. Also the conservative father of Kozhabekov (the ranch boss, called "collective farm chairman" in the USSR) who initially doesn't share the young couple's belief that, with the father's support, they can train pure-bred race horses and can win.
2529 ::: Laker Girls (1990) ::: Movie follows three aspiring candidates (Yothers, Vaughn, and Paul) for the L.A. Laker's cheerleader squad. The three become friends and final their tribulations until one fails to make the cut.
2530 ::: Rags (2011) ::: After trying to live the American dream, Alice returns to a Wonderland of crystal-meth. Her new family consists of characters straight from the March Hare's tea party; a dysfunctional crew consisting of an insane pimp, a worn out prostitute, and a lethargic burnout. As their lives spiral further into darkness and the past seeks retribution, all will pay the ultimate price for what was lost down the rabbit hole.
2531 ::: "Escape to the Wild" (2017) ::: The three-part series follows Jimmy Doherty as he visits British couples and families who have given up the rat race to live closer to nature in three very different locations. From tropical scuba diving on Bangka island, Indonesia to tracking bears in the wild and remote Yukon and spotting hippos on the Nile in Uganda, he gets under the skin of why these people have turned their back on their old lives and what challenges they face in their new ones.
2532 ::: Panhandle (1948) ::: John Sands ('Rod Cameron (I)' (qv)), formerly a Texas marshal whose talents with guns caused the law to turn against him,is a fugitive in Mexico, when he learns from "Dusty" Stewart ('Cathy Downs' (qv))that his brother in the Texas panhandle, Billy Sands ('John C. Champion' (qv)), her fiancé and crusading newspaperman, his been mysteriously murdered in Sentinel, Texas. Despite the price on his head, Sands comes north to the panhandle to find his brother's killer.
2533 ::: "Off Centre" (2001) ::: In this sitcom, British ex-pat Euan Pierce has it made: after brilliant studies he got a super Wall Street job which pays fabulously, so he can easily afford every luxury to appeal to the ladies, even though his natural killer charm -great looks and even smoother talk- is usually more then enough to make them line up to satisfy his healthy young appetite. He generously shares his splendid penthouse with his American college roomy, Mike Platt, who has absolutely no style, self-confidence or panache but took a dead-end altruistic job and has an even more up-tight, bossy girlfriend, Liz Lombardi. Their most frequent guest is Vietnamese deadbeat waiter Chau Presley, who never ceases boasting, especially his supposed sexual conquests, but never succeeds in anything. Euan's neighbor is the rich, popular but stupid and arrogant rap star Nathan 'Status Quo', who holds court with even dumber sycophants and a stream of groupies and reporters.
2534 ::: Business Beauties Work to Get Free (2010) ::: Executive suite dwellers are just as apt to nabbed, bound and gagged as any other beautiful woman. Crooked businesswomen, greedy partners, insurance investigators, census takers, and friends and relations of shady characters find themselves wrapped in rope and silenced by cloth and duct tape, writhing hopelessly while they await rescue.
2535 ::: I Am Gentrification. Confessions of a Scoundrel (2017) ::: A humorous personal essay film addressing architecture, habitation, space, density, xenophobia, gentrification and urban development. The film's main arc spans the author's diverse living environments, beginning with his childhood in a rich neighborhood to militant squats, shared flats and yuppie abodes, as well as his various dwellings in such metropolises as Tbilisi, Săo Paulo, Zurich and Mexico City.
2536 ::: "Health Cops: New Orleans" (2004) ::: In this reality show, four people are chosen to make big changes to their lives by way of making healthy choices and losing weight. Each is assigned their own personal trainers to help transform their bodies and their mindsets. One of those people is Doug "Phat2sDay" Daniels, an overweight Elvis impersonator. His trainer, Mackie Shilstone, is a leading fitness guru who has trained the New Orleans Saints and Serena Williams, to name a few. Misty Marshall teaches him how to utilize dance choreography both in the gym and on the stage, which he uses during performances on Bourbon Street with their band, Dinocasino.
2537 ::: Welcome to Hadassah Hospital (2002) ::: In WELCOME TO HADASSAH HOSPITAL we meet the people who are working in the Hadassah Hospital of Jerusalem. In this hospital the staff has to deal with the victims as well as with the offenders of the numerous attacks in the capital of Israel. Israelis and Palestinians lie side by side in the hospital. The doctors make no distinction between their patients but for the patients it can be hard to accept that victims as well as terrorists are treated the same way. A beautiful film about integrity and humanity set against the violence in Israel today.
2538 ::: "Orgullosamente Charros" (2001) ::: This program is a lively presentation of the character and art of the charro, the Mexican horseman and man of the country. It explores the values that are associated with the development of equestrian abilities and traditional rural labor. It displays the discipline that at one time contributed to the creation of an idea of Mexico for the rest of the world. And it continues to do so, although the sport in and of itself and its effects on the country have changed over the course of time.
2539 ::: Menos es más (2000) ::: Carlos has always dreamed about being an actor; he is 18 years old and is working with his best friend, Polilla in the amusement park "Isla Mágica", en Seville. Both made a promise when they were kids: they would work a lot to get to the top of their career has actors. The second step is to enter in the Dramatic Art Faculty in Madrid. As always, specially in the teenager world, love spoils their plans. Carlos fells in love when he meets a perfect girl, Diana; who also works in the park and is going to act in "Carmen". Even though she is in love with Carlos, Polilla will help him get Diana with a great plan: don't let her think you love her. That's the only way Diana would look at him. At the end, will love win or obsession?
2540 ::: Wild West Dream (2009) ::: Wild West Dream follows the only active UK rough stock competitor on the European Rodeo circuit, Cambridge firefighter Gareth Boyd. It's the story of a man following his cowboy dreams. He tries to balance his life in the UK with competing in Rodeos in France and Germany, on his own steam and with his own buck.
2541 ::: "Families" (1990) ::: This weekly soap opera told the relationship of two families, the Thompsons (in England) and the Stevens (in Australia). The main storyline concentrated on Mike Thompson leaving his family to move in with Diane Stevens and the complications that ensued.
2542 ::: La neige a fondu sur la Manicouagan (1965) ::: Une jeune femme ręve du Mexique au milieu des ouvriers de la Manicouagan. Mariée ŕ un diplômé de l'École polytechnique qui travaille au célčbre barrage, elle échoue dans sa tentative de le seconder et décide de partir pour la chaude vallée de Mexico. Mais, au moment de concrétiser son ręve, elle flanche et rentre dans sa roulotte.
2543 ::: Beyond the Rockies (1932) ::: Noted gunman Black Jack and his friends arrive and take jobs on the Allen ranch. Allen's hands have quit and his cattle are being rustled. When one of Black Jack's friends is killed by the rustlers, he finds the killer and when they fight his Marshal's badge drops out and Ruby, the leader of the rustlers, picks it up. With his identity now known she sets a trap for him. Black Jack has joined three devil-may-care bandits with larceny in their hearts, Lavender Joe, Whiskey Bill and Blinky, who have plans to hold up a stagecoach but find it already in the process of being robbed. They chase off the bandits and then learn that the stage is only carrying U.S. Mail and a tenderfoot named Emory. The four bandoleros ride to town, but their reputation has preceded them and they are asked to leave. That night, at their campfire after Lavender Joe has plunked out a song on his guitar, they are approached by Betty Allen, who asks them to take work as cowhands for her father at their "Bar A"ranch. The smaller ranchers are being squeezed out by a widow named Ruby Sherman, whose "Circle S" gunmen are feared and hated by the ranchers. There is reason to believe that Ruby did not become a widow because her husband died a natural death, All of the local cowhands have been frightned into leaving the valley or going to work at the "Circle S." The Allens figure to fight fire with fire by hiring some hardcases of their own. Jack convinces the other three to accept the offer for the promise of danger it holds.His companions also haven't overlooked the prospect of coining some dinero out of it and, during a roundup for the Allen cattle, Joe, Bill and Pete get creative and also roundup some of the "Circle S" cattle. Jack orders them to return their "found cattle". When they do, they are fired on by the Sherman riders, and foreman Kirk Tracy(Tom London) brutally shoots Whiskey Bill in the back. Jack vows revenge and, in town, taunts Tracy into drawing his gun.Tracy backs down and Jack beats him into submission. This impresses Marie, and she ostensibly fires Tracy and offers Jack his job but Jack refuses. When she offers the job again a few days later, Jack agrees, packs his gear, is accused of duplicity by Betty and her father, and then rides for the Sherman ranch. There, he finds an armed Tracy and Ruby awaiting him, Ruby reveals that she has learned that Jack is really a deputy with the Texas Cattleman's Association. Jack makes a break, is pursued,feigns being shot and rolls over the edge of a cliff. (Actually, stuntman Yakima Canutt does it for him). Believing Jack to be dead, Tracy and the Sherman henchmen ride out for a midnight attack on the Allen herd. Jack, Joe and Blinky manage to trap the rustlers between the milling herd and an on-coming posse summoned by Betty. Ruby Sherman is taken into custody by the tenderfoot Emory who turns out to be a range detective. Learning they have been riding with a lawman, Joe and Blinky decide to vacate and ride, but Jack tells them he will forget their past if they will help him on future cases.
2544 ::: La Pequena Voz (2014) ::: La Pequena Voz is an adaptation focused on a Latino immigration story that reveals the social fabric and immigration issues as seen in America in current day. Based on Victor Hugo's Les Miserable, La Pequena Voz is the story of an immigrant's quest to find freedom and prosperity in America. This updated modern day take on Les Miserable stands to give a voice to the countless hard working immigrants who come to America in search of a better life, only to be persecuted and marginalized.
2545 ::: "Country Bumpkins" (2014) ::: The English countryside brings many things, green grass, flowers flourishing, nights of silence. But there are some who inhabit the countryside, who are just a little different. Watch in HD. Follow an evening with two Country Bumpkins who have spent their whole life in the countryside, working the farms and chasing the local lass. A comedy documentary film following an evening making dinner with Barney Baiton and his son Jonny... Even such a simple evening can entertain. Influenced by such TV hits as Derek by Ricky Gervais and The Royal Family. CAUTION: This fictional documentary film includes strong language, viewer discretion is advised.
2546 ::: Atentatat (1998) ::: In 1925 a group of the Military Center of the Bulgarian Communist Party blew up the church 'St. King (now ' St. Nedelya') in Sofia. As a result 150 people got killed and many more - injured. What aims did these people pursue? What should we call them today - mad, insane, terrorists, and idealists? It is time we realized the bitter truth that their aim was irrelevantly obscure.
2547 ::: A Single Man (1929) ::: Robin Worthington ( Lew Cody ), a middle-aged man attracted by a young woman, at first avoids, then falls for, her. He undergoes a profound change in temperament, but in the end he marries another girl, Mary Hazeltine ( Aileen Pringle ), his secretary, who had gone away plain and came back strikingly beautiful, in the latest new fashions.
2548 ::: "Overdue" (2017) ::: OVERDUE is about a group of PTA parents who accidentally get locked in their children's school library for a night. With no access to their children or technology, they are forced to get to know each other. Secrets are revealed, stereotypes are broken, and unexpected friendships are formed.
2549 ::: Unexceptional People (????) ::: Double-crossing, double bluffing and double-dealing abound as different parties pursue personal agendas - all of them illegal, some of them farcical and most of them destined to end in blood, pain and retribution. As plans go haywire and tempers fray, money, cars, guns and bacon-double cheeseburgers get swept up into a chaotic free-for all.
2550 ::: The Quality of Life (2008) ::: Popular Vancouver Mayor, Dominic Da Vinci, is hosting a Canadian mayor's conference. One of the attendees is Toronto Mayor Tom Drood. Despite being considered a political lightweight (or in reality because of it), Drood is being supported by Charles and Katherine Greenborne - newspaper moguls - as a candidate for the next federal election; they tout Drood as potential Prime Ministerial material. The support of the Greenbornes, as people who control the media, is powerful. They throw a shindig for Drood, the party where they hope to get public endorsement by Da Vinci for Drood's candidacy. Following the official party, the Greenbornes - with Drood and the Greenborne's drug addict nephew, Earl, in attendance - host a more private affair complete with drugs and sex show. The next morning, Anna Navarez, one of the domestics at the party and post-party, is found dead in her bedroom in the basement of her employer, Phyllis Whiting, a friend of the Greenborne's. With what circumstantial knowledge he has at hand, Da Vinci smells a cover-up on the Greenborne's part both about the fact of the post-party and Navarez's death. In addition, key potential witness Drood suddenly leaves town; Earl is a person unknown to the investigators; and evidence conveniently shows up implicating Navarez's former boyfriend, who was also working as a domestic at the party. Da Vinci wants to help in the investigation but he has to tread a fine line due to his public persona as a popular politician, one who has a possible eye on the Premiership.
2551 ::: How to Draw a Bunny (2002) ::: The story of the life of artist Ray Johnson is cloaked in mystery not only at the moment of his death, but also throughout a career that was difficult to know and to understand. As one of the seminal figures in the Pop Art era, Johnson is known as the founding father of mail art and as a collagist extraordinaire. But, overshadowed by those like Warhol who manipulated that world in a very dissimilar manner, he was also a reclusive and sometimes enigmatic figure who has been called New York's most famous unknown artist, but who challenged the commercial and critical establishment.
2552 ::: Con Games (2001) ::: Senator Whitmeyer, whose grandson was murdered while an inmate at California's infamous Doscher State Prison, arranges for Gulf War vet John Woodrow to investigate the case. Woodrow enters the prison in the guise of a convicted murderer named John Wilson. He quickly learns that the Senator's grandson was killed by a corrupt and sadistic prison guard named Lt. Hopkins. Hopkins discovers Woodrow's true identity and has him tortured with electric shocks but Woodrow manages to escape along with a few fellow inmates. A chase and a shootout ensues in the surrounding desert.
2553 ::: Kärlek (1952) ::: A new young priest begins his duty on a small island. He assumes that the service should not be to demanding, so that he will be able to finish his doctoral thesis. But the life at sea is hard with severe accidents. He faces emotionally difficult situations related to both love and death.
2554 ::: Jacqueline Susann's Valley of the Dolls (1981) ::: Updated version of the Jacqueline Susann best selling 1960's novel shows the lives of three very different women who come to New York City to achieve fame and fortune in show business and get all messed up in the process.
2555 ::: Exhume (2017/II) ::: Based on true events, Patrick and his wife Karen Connor are hired by the state to exhume bodies resting under a closed down reform school known for the sadistic torture and murder of young boys in the early 1900's. During this horrific excavation they are met with unnatural forces causing them to question their sanity and will to live.
2556 ::: The Price of Everthing (2018) ::: With unprecedented access to pivotal artists and the white-hot market surrounding them, this film dives deep into the contemporary art world, holding a fun-house mirror up to our values and our times -- where everything can be bought and sold.
2557 ::: Jock Tease (2008) ::: The movie features 12 hot studs in 5 sex scenes and stars Jet Set Exclusives. Inspired by the new trend in reality tv shows, JOCK TEASE is a new twist on competition between the players of almost every sport you can imagine; football, baseball, wrestling, soccer and basketball.
2558 ::: "Dolly" (1976) ::: Dolly Parton rapidly rose to fame during the 1970s with her memorable country hits, including solo efforts and numerous duets with Porter Wagoner; she had earlier worked as Wagoner's featured singer on his TV series. "Dolly" was Parton's first solo TV effort, featuring a mix of country and popular music and comedy sketches. The show was only semi-successful in first-run syndication; however, "Dolly" would be repeated for many years (in syndication and later, cable) as Parton's star power rose exponentially in the late 1970s, with sold out concerts, starring movie roles and million-selling singles that charted on Billboard magazine's country singles and Hot 100 charts.
2559 ::: Ahasin Wetei (2009) ::: The young man fell from the sky. Communication relay burns. Flee from the city and its commotion, return to nature. Become part of another story. That of the legend of the prince. In the hope of a love, hiding behind the hollow in a tree. Nothing magic is improbable. What happened yesterday, may happen again tomorrow.
2560 ::: "On the Road with Jo" (2015) ::: Jo Wemple hosts a behind the scenes Travel Guide to California's Central Coast - San Luis Obispo County. A perfect show to help travelers plan their next journey, Jo speaks with Celebrity Chefs, Wine Makers, and Artists as she explores the best of the best that the county has to offer.
2561 ::: Solar Hero (2012) ::: The Solar Hero documentary follows Team Alberta as they compete in the Solar Decathlon. All the way from the inception of the project, back in 2007, through to Washington, DC in October 2009. A summary is given relating the general progress of the team, their next few steps, and any possible foreseeable obstacles along the way. Interviews have been conducted with team members to capture personal opinions of the project, its current status, and feelings about one's own team and the other competitors. Animated footage would provide information on the general status of each team in relation to the others, as well as provide practical environmental information for around the house and the workplace. Solar Hero is a window on the best young minds in Alberta working brilliantly to create new avenues in solar living.
2562 ::: Candyflip (2007) ::: Candyflip is a feature-length documentary about substance use, abuse and the complex perspectives of those involved with drugs. The film explores this issue with an array of (mostly anonymous) eye-opening emotional interviews with drug users, colorful forensics, dramatization and educational satire.
2563 ::: Ooruku Nooruper (2001) ::: The story follows Balan (Kaushik), a young artist who becomes disillusioned by the current political situation of his society. He joins the revolutionary organization Ooruku Nooruper, accidentally kills a priest and is sentenced to death. The film examines various issues related to capital punishment.
2564 ::: Zero Point Theory (2017) ::: A time traveling adventure comedy that follows Randall Bentley who is forced by the evil Cerberus Corporation to go back in time to the 1920s to retrieve a lost chest of gold. Once in the '20s, Randall finds himself neck deep in trouble with mobsters who also want the gold and in way over his head with a gorgeous flapper on the run. Randall has to find away to get the gold, get the girl, and get back to his own time before his time runs out.
2565 ::: Fortini/Cani (1976) ::: The film is a sort of presentation of Franco Fortini's book 'I Cani del Sinai'. Fortini, an Italian Jew, reads excerpts from the book about his alienation from Judaism and from the social relations around him, the rise of Fascism in Italy, the anti-Arab attitude of European culture. The images, mostly a series of Italian landscape shots, provide a backdrop that highlights the meaning of the text.
2566 ::: Hunting of Man (2003) ::: In this gritty drama, police officer Simon (Douglas Spain) is forced to take sides when his childhood friend Omar (Manolo Travieso), now the neighborhood loan shark, arranges the vicious beating of their mutual friend. As Simon plans his revenge, his brother Pete (JoJo Henrickson) tries to defuse the conflict. Pete must team up with his estranged Uncle Bart, a respective cop, to head off the escalating cycle of violence.
2567 ::: "Paano ba ang mangarap?" (2009) ::: Paano ba ang Mangarap? revolves around the love between Lissa and Benny. Despite belonging to different social classes, they think they have found the perfect love in each other. But their love was not meant to be. When Lissa becomes pregnant, she and Benny plan to marry, without regard for Francia, Benny's mother who is against their union. But before they could tie the knot, an accident takes Benny's life. Benny leaves the world with only a promise from his brother, Eric - that the latter will find Lissa and give her a good future. How will Eric find Lissa? What happens when he falls in love with the her? And what will Francia do to ensure that Lissa never gets to be with Benny - even in spirit?
2568 ::: La aldea maldita (1930) ::: In an impoverished Castilian village live Juan, his wife Acacia, their son and Juan's blind father. The harsh weather conditions force the peasants to emigrate to a better land. Acacia goes to the city instead. Time goes by and they will meet again.
2569 ::: Herman (2009) ::: Before the Iraqi government's Operation Anfal to massacre and suppress the Kurds separatist movement began, two lovers Herman and Adar 'who missed each other even while together' were forced to be separated due to unavoidable circumstances. Later, when Herman goes back, the village is already burnt to the ground by Iraqi soldiers and Adar is long gone. Now, Herman's long, desperate battle to find his love begins. Meanwhile, Adar, who ran away from the Iraqi soldiers to a refugee camp, later finds out that she is pregnant with Herman's baby. Adar's father tries to kill her for getting pregnant out of wedlock and keep the family's honor. The pain of parting with a loved one, the political situation that threatens an ethnic group's fight for independence, and the repressive Muslim principles that believe a woman's chastity is the family's honor, all squeeze upon Adar's life.
2570 ::: The Highway Home (2008) ::: The story begins at a pool hall, where sixteen year old Jamie, meets her first love while she and her best friend Marie are skipping class one day. Lying about her age, she pursues a relationship with the much older Jimmy, a small time drug dealer and all around bad boy. When her mother finds out, she runs away and moves in to the dank hotel room where her boyfriend lives. There, life takes a turn for the worse when Jimmy is arrested and the hotel clerk attempts to lure her into prostitution to pay the rent. Now in possession of Jimmy's 1959 Chevrolet Brookwood station wagon, she must learn to drive and look for a new place to call home. With no place to go, she hits the highway where she runs out of gas and encounters a new love, Scott. As two detectives search for the runaway teen, one struggles with his ethics and about becoming attracted to the young girl's single mother. His partner, who has been assigned to interview Jamie's estranged father, finds himself compelled to help the desperate man find a way out of his debilitating depression by bringing to light a secret that has kept him untrue to himself and others. Meanwhile, Jamie's situation becomes more desperate when she finds out that Scott is not who he seems to be. Faced with the truth about him, she takes some drugs she finds in the glove box of the car, and attempts to navigate the vehicle toward home.
2571 ::: The Dawn Maker (1916) ::: Joe Elk, half-Indian, half-white, attempts to secure for his tribe the benefits of schools and medicine such as he had seen on a trip to Montreal, far to the south. Joe loves Alice McRae, daughter of the local trading-post factor. But both Alice and the tribe reject Joe's entreaties. A blizzard threatens to destroy them all.
2572 ::: The Alchemy of Qi Gong Volume 1 (2009) ::: This DVD is the first in the Alchemy of Qigong series. It focuses on bringing up the health and vitality of the body as the essential basis for further esoteric work. Filled with powerful health-enhancing exercises, this volume is designed to teach the viewer to take control of their own personal well being as it helps restore the vital flow of the Qi energy. Helping enhance the health is the primary goal of the beginning practitioner. If already in relatively good health, these exercises help bring up the vital energy of the body and serve as an important foundation for a balanced Qigong practice. The content in this DVD is very necessary for people living in the modern world. It serves as a policy of health assurance vs. insurance. The skills taught in this volume are the foundation of a vibrant preventative approach to vitality and illness.
2573 ::: Stuck in Traffick (2010) ::: Prostitute. Call girl. Lady of the Night. Society stamps a negative label on the women of this dangerous criminal industry. However, a fine line must be drawn between those that do it by choice and the victims who have no choice. Sex trafficking is the fastest growing criminal industry in the world, where more slaves exist today than at any other time in our history. Slavery in the form of sex trafficking is among us in a hidden and quiet fashion. It's in our neighborhoods and in our malls. It's in our suburbs, it's leaking into our schools, and it's all over the Internet. Education and awareness are the best tools we have at stopping this heinous crime. Stuck in Traffick is a documentary that brings light to the underground world of sex trafficking and what can be done to help these victims.
2574 ::: Have You Heard About the Panthers? (2002) ::: In the 1970s, a new protest movement burst into Israeli politics. Calling themselves the Black Panthers, this group of rebellious young Mizrahi men was intensely critical of racism and class bias within the Israeli establishment. They embraced Robin Hood-like campaigns such as "Operation Milk," which stole food from rich areas in Jerusalem and distributed it to impoverished immigrants. Their bold moves captured the attention of the young and disenfranchised while earning the animosity of others (Golda Meir called them barbarians). Thirty years ago, as a novice filmmaker, Nissim Mossek set out to document the Panthers' burgeoning movement, following their demonstrations and ferocious confrontations with police. He and the Panthers had no compunctions about waking up families in the middle of the night to ask them to "present their poverty" to the camera, hoping to inform the public about the struggle for equality within Israeli society and incite others to action. Mossek's 1970s protest film vanished suspiciously just after completion; for years it was believed to be lost. The recent discovery of a copy in the Jerusalem Cinematheque prompted the filmmaker to investigate the demise of the Panthers. He tracked down surviving members to examine their sometimes surprising trajectories and their deeply conflicted relationships to their shared radical past. Intercutting footage from his early film with his modern-day research, the diverse, volatile and charismatic subjects (including Panthers Charlie Bitton and Sa'adia Marciano) cast light onto a lesser-known chapter in the struggle for equality and justice of Mizrahi Jews, and illuminate issues of disunity that continue to reveal themselves in today's Israel.
2575 ::: Fall to Grace (2005) ::: An irate father throws his son's basketball out the window. Follow it to a new girlfriend. A spoiled brat speeds off in her boyfriend's car. Follow it to a bad idea. The good girl is saving up for a plane ticket.Follow her as hope takes off. Fall to Grace, a debut film by Mari Marchbanks, has a taut script with an epic heart. Kristofer, a Russian-Georgian emigrant, is trying to make his way in a new country, a new school and onto the varsity team. Living under the weight of his father's anger and economic hardship, Kristofer keeps himself afloat with a basketball and a flirtatious spirit. But when Sarah flirts back, Kristofer begins to realize he may have come on to the wrong girl. Sarah has her hands full trying to keep her random drug use within the range of an excusable cry for attention, but it's quickly becoming a real problem. Like so many troubles, a stack of money would go a long way toward making things better, but the only available cash lies in a shoebox at the bottom of Jessie's closet and Jessie's Dad is a cop. As these individual stories intersect and collide, heartache ignites into remarkable hope. Fall to Grace reminds us of the invisible threads connecting us to one another, creating a net to catch us when we fall.
2576 ::: Ayahuasca Nature's Greatest Gift (2014) ::: Ayahausca Nature's Greatest Gift is a feature length film with a runtime of 1 hour 5 minutes. The film is a comprehensive look at the socio-cultural realities surrounding the burgeoning popularity of the Amazonian sacred, medicinal and hallucinogenic brew called ayahausca. The film has 30 subtopics that answer questions about the tea including its history, usage, rituals, physical and supernatural experience, shaman, songs, special diet and preparation and thoroughly delves into it's potential therapeutic value in terms of personal healing and integration into western medicinal modalities. Particular emphasis is placed on the healing benefits of ayahuasca as it relates to overcoming fears, phobias, depression, anxiety as well as its successful, but controversial use in treating PTSD, alcoholism and drug addiction. Other topics include the realities of the booming ayahuasca tourism industry and associated dangers of its charlatans and the general dangers found in travel to third world countries to work with shaman in often times remote and hard to get to regions. Myth is stripped from new age illusions through a realistic, educational and explanatory telling of the facts and understandings via the voices of several Peruvian mestizo shaman and experts in the field including Ethnopharmacologist Dr. Dennis McKenna and Dr. Steven Beyer author of Singing to the Plants: A Guide to mestizo Shamanism in the Upper Amazon.
2577 ::: Tied Hands (2006) ::: The film tells the story of a sensitive and complex relationship between a mother and her ailing son. Like in Hans Christian Anderson's fairy tale "The Loveliest Rose in the World" where a prince must search for a rose to save his mother, who is dying in bed, "Tied Hands" sees a reversal of roles as a desperate mother goes out to find marijuana, to ease her son's pain. In her, turbulent journey in the streets of Tel-Aviv, old truths from her past come back to life and threaten to break down a wall of denials behind which, she's been hiding all her life.
2578 ::: The Other One (2017/I) ::: When perpetual never-do-well, August, hits rock bottom, he breaks into his rich neighbor's apartment to steal some money. When she turns up badly injured, he panics and hits the road, but he soon realizes he's being followed by an ominous stranger. Will his bad decisions finally destroy him, or can August find redemption?
2579 ::: Martha et moi (1990) ::: A child meets his uncle, a Czech Jew living in the south of Germany in the days before the 2nd world war. Without taking care of social prejudices, the uncle marries Martha, his servant. When the Nazis come to the power the young and the couple move to Prague. Then is Martha who defends her marriage to a Jew against the society. Finally, the man manages to force the separation to save Martha from finishing in a concentration camp with him. Prague, 1934. The family of fourteen-year-old Emil Kluge is horrified when one day Emil's uncle, his mother's brother, Ernst, appears on the doorstep with his new bride. For Martha, the doctor's wife to be, is his former maid. She is obese, awkward, badly dressed with a mouth full of bad teeth, and the doctor's bourgeois sisters feel personally affronted. Only Emil, who is just discovering happiness in his first love, takes a spontaneous liking to Martha. He accompanies her patiently all around Prague to the best fashion shops, to hair-dressers and dentists, and finally succeeds in introducing a still timid though quite presentable new member to his family. But nothing can induce Emil's mother and her sisters to give up their hostile attitude towards Martha. Martha's family is likewise enraged about her marriage to Ernst for they despise Ernst as a Jew who is an intruder in their German family. Despite all adversities, Martha and Ernst are happy together. Martha turns into a self-confident woman who finds fulfillment in her marriage to the doctor. Emil, the only person who is pleased about the happiness of the "young" couple, is a welcome guest in their house. Over the years, Martha and Ernst give him all kinds of advice and support, also in matters of the heart. Martha's and Ernst's days of happiness are numbered, however. In 1938 Hitler mobilizes and the situation suddenly becomes threatening for Ernst, the Jew. He is compelled to give up practising and begins to worry about Martha who, as the wife of a Jew, is also endangered. Ernst decides to divorce Martha to protect her. But Martha will not leave the man she loves. On the contrary, she desperately tries to find an opportunity for Ernst to emigrate to the United States. Emil flees to England and only returns to Prague after the war is over. He searches for Martha and Ernst in vain. Finally, he learns from Martha's family that they had kidnapped her before the outbreak of the war at the instigation of Ernst, who was taken away shortly after. Martha, who had never forgiven her family for having seperated her from Ernst, had been seen standing on a bridge for many days and nights, watching the trains in which the Jews were deported. And one day, Martha had also disappeared.
2580 ::: Nothing Is Private (2007) ::: Against the backdrop of the first Gulf War, Jasira Maroun is 13, physically well developed but naďve and unable to say no. As puberty arrives, her mother sends her from Syracuse to Houston to her curt, up-tight, Lebanese-born father. Over the next few months, Jasira must navigate her father's strict indifference, her discovery of sexual pleasure, the casual racism of a neighbor boy and her classmates, the sexual advances of the boy's father, the proffered friendship of a pregnant neighbor, and her attraction to Thomas, an African-American classmate whom her father forbids her to see. Things happen to her, but can she take responsibility and control, or is tragedy inevitable? While President George Bush (Senior) has ordered an attack on Iraq during 1991, Jasira Maroun, 13, lives in Syracuse with her Caucasian mother, Gail, while her father, Rifat, born in Beirut, Lebanon, originally a follower of Islam, now a Christian, lives in Houston. When Gail's boyfriend assists Jasira in shaving her pubic area, she is sent to live with her father. She attends school and becomes the target of racial slurs. Things become worse for this pretty and naive girl, when she befriends an African-American fellow-student, Thomas, her father forbids her to see Thomas anymore, and abuses her physically, while having an affair with a Frenchwoman; their neighbor, Travis Vuoso, is attracted to her; and she herself fantasizing of becoming a porn-star while dealing with her puberty, and the fact that she may no longer be a virgin.
2581 ::: "Predators" (2000) ::: Predators is a series of six films that use miniaturized cameras mounted on the hunters themselves to show the chase between hunter and hunted from their perspective. It uses action replays and computer animations that analyze the tactics of both predator and prey from various angles.
2582 ::: "People in Order" (2006) ::: A series of 4 short films that arrange 471 people from around Britain according to 4 scales. 1. Age. A person of every age between 1 and 100. 2. Birth. 34 women from 4 to 41 weeks pregnant. 3. Love. 48 couples arranged by length of their relationship (in descending order). 4. Home. 73 households in descending order of yearly income (Ł400,000 - Ł3,240) The concept behind our films was simple: we asked ourselves if you can reveal something about life by simply arranging people according to scales. Three minutes is a very short time to communicate something - too short to tell a story, or to get to know a character - so we wanted to make this series by setting ourselves some very straightforward rules, and then following them through over a long trip. The rules had to be simple so it would take the audience virtually no time to understand them. We established what scales we'd look at, and then chose how each film would be framed. Then it was a case of getting in a camper van and driving round Britain, filming as many people as we could over 4 weeks in February, coping with microphones crackling and cameras refusing to work. The experience was exhausting but also life affirming. In our whole trip we were struck by how happy people were to help. Only a handful of our shoots were arranged in advance. We relied instead on the kindness of strangers - and we found that everywhere, from deprived urban estates to rural aristocrats. The resulting films are like a list of government statistics where the citizens they are referring to have broken out from behind the figures on the page. The people on the screen stop us from seeing them as numbers. Even in single second bursts there are worlds of personality stretching out in front of us. The films are really about our awe at how big life is, infinite in its variety, even when it seems just normal to each of us living it. We are planning to make a feature length version of the age film - without a drum, set over a day - please contact us if you'd be interested in helping with the funding of this project.
2583 ::: Hidden Colors 4: The Religion of White Supremacy (2016) ::: Hidden Colors is a documentary about the real and untold history of people of color around the globe. This film discusses some of the reasons the contributions of African and aboriginal people have been left out of the pages of history. Traveling around the country, the film features scholars, historians, and social commentators who uncovered such amazing facts about things such as: The original image of Christ; The true story about the Moors; The original people of Asia; The great west African empires; The presence of Africans in America before Columbus; The real reason slavery was ended And much more.
2584 ::: Kungfu Taboo (2015) ::: On the night after the end of World War II, a guy runs through the woods as he is chased by three masked men who are going after the scroll that he possessed. However, he is saved by the leader of a martial arts house called the 'House of the Hundred Martial Arts'. What the leader of the house fails to realise is that he has brought in a troublesome danger that could bring his martial arts house chaos.
2585 ::: Marry Me Alberta (2016) ::: An in-depth look at one of the world's most remarkable destination locations - the Canadian Rockies. We meet wedding business professionals and individuals who have chosen this amazing part of the world too wed and witness some of the breathtaking beauty that can only be found in Alberta, Canada.
2586 ::: Annie (2017/I) ::: Following daily routines of a mid-Michigan family, everything appears to be normal on the surface; Spring brings cleaning, Summer is filled with campfires and friends, Fall kicks into gear with family-time at the cider mill and the Winter features family gatherings to share holiday stories. Todd and Evelyn work hard to keep their family happy. They have three children; two boys and a little girl, named Annie. From pajama parties to a Girl Scouts' gathering. From assorted dolls to brightly colored dresses. Annie is your typical preteen princess. The only difference to this story is... Annie was born a boy.
2587 ::: Of Hopscotch and Little Girls: Stolen Childhood (1999) ::: Hopscotch is universal. Girls around the world trace squares on the ground, then hop through them, trying hard to reach the end. Girls share other interests too; they all like to talk about school, what they want to be when they grow up, who they will marry, how many children they will have, their hopes for a better life for themselves and their family. But all too often, through poverty, perversion, spite, ignorance or superstition, adults shatter these dreams by denying girls the right to an education, entering them into forced labour, subjecting them to mutilation, sexual abuse and other injustices. Soni, Kamlesh, Mou, Yui, Dalal, Esmeralda, Fatou, Adiaratou, Safi and Maude range in age from 8 to 14. Some are frail, some strong; all are beautiful. Whether they live in India, Thailand, Yemen, Peru, Burkina Faso or Haiti, they all speak of having much of their childhood stolen from them. Because they are girls. With subtitles.
2588 ::: Desinformatsia (2002) ::: Part:1 In 1966, Saul Lennewitz received a radio transmission unlike anything ever heard before. He recorded his observations on audio reels containing over 140 hours of documentation. The United States Government has withheld these recordings from the pubic domain for over 30 years. Due to the Freedom of Information Act, these recordings were released in 1999. The U.S. Government denies their disinformation campaign targeted at Dr. Lennewitz and refuses to comment on the validity of the tapes. Part:2 1966 - end. Found footage from the past twenty five years exposits the paranoiac fears inherent in all humans. Themes of race, religion, warfare, technology and conspiracy are explored.
2589 ::: The Camp (2017) ::: The Camp is a documentary by renowned filmmaker Leonard Retel Helmrich about life in Majdal Anjar, a Syrian camp in Lebanon. The film takes us inside and shows what daily life is like for those whose lives are postponed and waiting to return to Raqqa.
2590 ::: The Founding of an Army (2017) ::: In 1927, the Northern Expedition had just made significant achievements, the Kuomintang "right" for the seizure of the rebellion revolution, launched a crazy "clear" action, nearly 31 million progressive compatriots were brutally killed, shocked the country.
2591 ::: Average Community (2009) ::: Welcome to Trenton, New Jersey, a post-industrial wasteland of abandoned factories, neglected row houses and urban decay. Trenton is a relic of America's once-thriving manufacturing economy, the kind of city most of us have long since forgotten. But for Fred Zara, a 30-something family man living an average suburban life near downtown Orlando, it's not so easy a place to forget. Growing up in Trenton in the mid-1980s, Fred went by the name of Fred Fatal, played drums in a punk-rock band called Prisoners of War, and was filled with so much teen angst that he managed to get himself kicked out of high school before reaching the 10th grade. "Average Community" follows Fred on a 900-mile journey back to his hometown to confront his troubled past, and the troubled people in it, in the hopes of understanding how the person he was made him into the person he is. Fred is joined by his two older brothers, one a disheartened New York journalist, the other a free-spirited Seattle musician, as he reunites with old friends, revisits painful memories and tries to make sense of what it meant to grow up in a dying city.
2592 ::: ZTS: State of Entropy (2002) ::: Nick & Mark are brothers caught in a society ruled by the iron fist of the Zero Tolerance Squad. Mark's ruthless crime sprees place Nick and his friends in danger as the ZTS close in on the group and bring them to their knees in a final showdown that destroys the barriers between morality and innocence.
2593 ::: Extreme Expeditions: From the Banff Mountain Film Festival (2011) ::: This 1-hour special for The National Geographic Channel is hosted by professional climber and para-glider Will Gadd. Extreme Expeditions features some of the most daring adventurers on the planet from past film entries in the Banff Mountain Film Festival. Each expedition gives an amazing look at the daredevils who have climbed treacherous mountains, paddled intense whitewater rivers, and crawled through the tiniest crevices inside the most magnificent caves.
2594 ::: TV One Night Only: Live from the Essence Music Festival (2012) ::: TV One Night Only: Live From the Essence Music Festival Filmed at the 2012 Essence Musical Festival in New Orleans, this two-hour concert special features some of the hottest stars ever, from oldschool to new school. TV One Night Only: Live from Essence Music Festival brings you the best of the 18th annual festival in NOLA with a fabulous lineup of musical legends, including Aretha Franklin Charlie Wilson Chaka Khan Charlie Wilson, D'Angelo, Trey Songz, Keyshia Cole, The Pointer Sisters, Nephew Tommy Mary J. Blige, Kevin Hart, Ledisi, Mary Mary, Tank, Nephew Tommy Aretha Franklin, Anthony Hamilton, Fantasia, Kirk Franklin, Nephew Tommy
2595 ::: A Moon for the Misbegotten (1975) ::: In Connecticut in September 1923, the lives of three people collide: Josie, a domineering Irish woman with a quick tongue and a ruined reputation, her conniving father, tenant farmer Phil Hogan, and James Tyrone, Jr., Hogan's landlord and drinking companion, a cynical alcoholic haunted by the death of his mother.
2596 ::: Trans X Istanbul (2014) ::: Thousands of Trans*Women live in the big cities of Turkey. There has been an increase in the murder of Trans*. Crimes against Trans*Women are mostly not investigated. The perpetrators can usually rely on being exempted from prosecution. Ebru, a Trans*Woman from Istanbul, fights against the displacement and murder of her companions. She has experienced exclusion from state, society and family in her own life. For 25 years she has been active for LGBTQI rights. She wants to change Turkish society with humor, self-irony and political acumen. She meets Margarethe, a 85-year-old German retired nurse and mother of the film-maker, and establishes with her an old age home for Trans*. Urban transformation of Istanbul and the protests around the Gezi Park resonate throughout the film.
2597 ::: Outlaws of the Panhandle (1941) ::: Jim Endicott has organized the ranchers into building a spur rail line so they can ship their cattle and avoid the rustlers. Faro Jack gets banker Potter to lend them the money and then plans to sabotage the project so he and Potter can take over all the ranches in the valley. But Jim has dealt with Faro before and he plans to see the line completed.
2598 ::: Next Door's Next (2008) ::: It's another lovely day in the home of Vivian and Ricky Micheaux. The couple is in love, a baby is on the way, and a cake is being baked. But when the couple ventures next door to greet the new neighbor, they are shocked to find that someway, somehow, their own futures have moved in on the block. Vivian comes face to face with herself as an older woman, and Ricky has to face an even harsher reality. They sit in wonderment as this old woman, Mrs. V tells them about her past; their future. Her history is their legacy. Next Door's Next is a short film that forces the mind to think about it's future, what will we leave behind? Or, will we just be left behind?
2599 ::: "StandUp/BreakDown: A Comedy About Depression" (2016) ::: In the midst of a spiraling quarter-life crisis, Shelby decides to reinvent herself as a stand-up comedian. The only problem; no one thinks she's funny. After attending an open mic night to impress a fellow comedian she likes, Shelby finds herself in the "Starting 16" of a local stand up competition. Thrust into the cut throat world of the local Richmond stand up scene, Shelby must face ex-boyfriends, a estranged yoga-teaching sister, and, the greatest challenge of them all, giving something a sincere try.
2600 ::: Charm City (2006) ::: Charm City explores the loyalty and friendship of three men from Baltimore, Maryland. Jay, Rodney, and Sean have all survived the mean streets of the inner-city while striving for better lives by leaving their criminal activities behind. As a step toward a brighter future, the trio now owns a popular nightclub. When the city threatens to put them out of business, the long-time friends revert back to their old ways.
2601 ::: "Wie van de drie?" (2011) ::: Three young eccentric people: two of them are straight, one is gay. The question is: who? The short series 'Wie van de drie?' has the mission to prove people are different and it doesn't matter what kind of sexuality you have. From 2011 the movie is shown for young people when they were at school. When the last short movie is finished the kids get some material to discuss about Wie van de drie and the main subject.
2602 ::: Pelican Blood (2010) ::: Pelican Blood tells the story of Nikko, a funny but left-of-center young man living in London. Following a disastrous break up with his girlfriend, Stevie, he's taking life one day at a time, throwing all his energy into his hobby: bird spotting Just as life becomes bearable, Stevie arrives back on the scene, causing a rift between Nikko and all his friends, who warn him she will destroy him. They are fully aware of how the couple first met: on a suicide website, pledging they will 'end it all together'. As their intense, disturbing and highly sexual connection resumes, the relationship between Nikko, Stevie, his friends and his hobby are thrown into questionable chaos. Pelican Blood is a funny and passionate look at the things that make us tick, and the things we tick off the list.
2603 ::: Verdi: Macbeth (2005) ::: Macbeth undoubtedly marked a turning point in Verdi's operatic writing, i.e., the foregrounding of the characters' introspective, psychological aspects.This DVD/Blu-ray captures the production staged at Novara's Teatro Coccia during the 2013-14 season, with thriller/horror filmmaker Dario Argento tackling opera direction for the first time.One could only expect a direction in line with his films, and from that point of view this Macbeth meets expectations, with the visualization of the opera's bloody, indeed gory scenes matching the dark, brutal character of Shakespeare work.
2604 ::: Breaking the Rules (2015) ::: Breaking the Rules is a soul searching and lyrical, reflection of four white South African activists, who joined the struggle for justice against the reviled apartheid regime. This is a universal film that asks What Makes An Activist an Activist - what would we stand up for ?
2605 ::: Rantoon (2006) ::: Rantoon is a sci-fi adventure set on Earth. The film tells the story of Rantoon, an Okranian warrior whose species is at war with the green Mamtunians. When Rantoon's ship is shot by the evil Mamtunian Raoc, he slips through a wormhole and ends up near Mars. From there, Rantoon coasts his leaky ship to Earth, looking for help. His method is unique: yard circles--not crop circles--all around the globe. Septuagenarian Levi Jones (played by Hollywill) answers Rantoon's call, and the two forge an unlikely friendship. Jones and his family set out with Rantoon to find a Lirium plant and refuel Rantoon's ship. But unknown to the band of heroes, two Mamtunians have made it through the wormhole, too--and it's only a matter of time before Raoc finds his way through.
2606 ::: Employee of the Day (2014) ::: In a world of mass consumption, over-stimulation and performance pressure three people follow their day by day routine. Two of them work on an assembly line. Two of them share a secret. Two of them are part of the show. Only one can become EMPLOYEE OF THE DAY.
2607 ::: Slices to Kill (2006) ::: Secret Agent 003.7 is sent on her most dangerous mission yet. But before she can retrieve "the tape", she is captured by the evil Dr Brow. Will she save eating contestant Goforth from the poisoned pizza? Will she escape the fountain full of hydrochloric acid?
2608 ::: Jonny: The Shaman of Rust (2015) ::: A documentary about artist, Jonathan Sherwood. Through his eyes and the constant suspension between creation and demolition, we follow the diaspora that a group of artists is stuck in since the transformation of the town centre into a big shopping mall.
2609 ::: Behind the Eyes (2013) ::: We are born, we grow, we learn and the world spins madly on. No matter what we might think, no two days are the same. So many experiences, emotions, people, situations. What do we filter out? What do we choose to remember? What do we choose to forget? Do we choose at all? If something calls from deep inside? Is it real or are we just going insane? That inner child, that sometimes screaming voice inside us all. Do we follow it? Do we hide from it? Do we ignore it? Can we do this for ever? Can we ever be truly happy if we do? When it's not about right or wrong when it's just something you have to do.... Can something change the way you look at the world for ever? This is Darla's Story.
2610 ::: Better Watch Out (????) ::: Twelve-year-old Simon Pitts suffers from disciplinary issues, an absentee Dad and the usual complications of adolescence. Now Simon's on Santa's "naughty list." Feeling unjustly blackballed, he and a mysterious accomplice plot war on Kriss Kringle himself.
2611 ::: Alpini (2010) ::: The tormented history of the twentieth century northern Italy feeds this major work by the writer Mario Rigoni Stern. In this final account (he died in June 2008), he takes us on a journey through the imagination of Asiago's mountain people. To man's place at the heart of nature, at the heart of war, blenched in with the writer's voice. A territory that is but a border, the ever-present fascist past, war inscribed underneath a snowy peacefulness... where man resides.
2612 ::: Stages (2015/I) ::: STAGES explores the lives of actors new to the business, established, award-winning talent, and everything in between. Their diverse stories support Adam's message: preparation, passion, education, and taking responsibility are the keys to your success as an actor. Acting is a full time job. Persistence is essential. Do you have what it takes?
2613 ::: Children (2006) ::: The movie progresses when after 5 years of the kidnappings a disgraced Documentary producer Kang Ji-Seung who after getting a transfer to countryside of Mount Wa-Ryung teams up with kidnapping obsessive psychology professor Hwang who teaches at a local national university to solve the mystery of kidnappings after watching an old case interview in his regional media office in cold files of the case. Kang sees this opportunity as his ticket back to national fame and success. And then they start exploring the facts and clues in order to reach on some concrete conclusions which brings some disastrous consequences and the mystery deepens as the time progresses. On March 26th 1991 five children disappeared near Mount Wa-Ryong country side in Korea. The boys had gone to nearby Mount Wa-Ryong to catch frogs but never returned. Their bodies were found 11 years later. Although it was discovered that they had been murdered, the case has never been solved.The movie is a fictional take on the actual events and somehow tries to explain the outcome of all the investigation though the actual crime somehow still remain unsolved.
2614 ::: La Cifra Negra (2018) ::: How is tortured practiced in Spain? Why is it so hard to denounce? What consequences does it bear for its victims and perpetrators? Victims, attorneys, judges, police officers, academicians, human rights advocates, and other stakeholders discuss its causes and suggest possible avenues to overcome this scourge that threatens the rule of law.
2615 ::: The Ripper (1985) ::: An old antique ring turns a college professor into a homicidal maniac when he puts it on. The ring originaly belonged to Jack the Ripper, and the Ripper's spirit possesses whoever wears it.
2616 ::: Battle (2011/I) ::: Set in Atlanta's hip hop underground scene, Rippa, (Conrad Clifton) a struggling music producer, working on his latest tracks for a regional beat battle, loses everything after a robbery. While lying low, he is forced to get back to the music and prove he has real talent. With the help of his friends, he'll devise a mix to bring down the house and get him closer to being the beat battle champion. Set in Atlanta's hip-hop underground scene, Rippa (Conrad Clifton), a struggling music producer working on his latest tracks for a regional beat battle, loses everything after a robbery. While lying low, he is forced to get back to the music and prove he has real talent. With the help of his friends, he'll devise a mix to bring down the house and get him closer to being the beat battle champion.
2617 ::: An American Letter (2006) ::: Six soldier; six different time periods and one letter unites them. Our nation's history is reflected in the one fundamental value of every American soldier during times of war - the passion to write a letter home. No matter who the enemy was or what consequences are at stake, it was an American letter that defined them as American Soldiers.
2618 ::: Azahares rojos (1961) ::: Mr. Carvajal, an old man who fled Mexico during the Revolution (of the 1910s), and his two young daughters, return to their native country after years living in Europe. When he left the country, his family belonged to the Higher Classes and owned huge amounts of land and properties, which were left in the care of faithful employees...but things have changed in Mexico. Upon their arrival in Mexico City, they are greeted by Arturo and his brother, whose family was close to the Carvajals'. Arturo, who used to be an active sportsman before the accident that left him an invalid, is also an immensely rich businessman and falls for Mr. Carvajal's younger daughter, the lovely Isabel; in turn his brother falls for Isabel's older sister, María Teresa. But Isabel is already in love with no-good playboy Federico de la Cadena, who is only interested in the Carvajals' fortune.....but then, there are some devastating news about the Carvajals' Estate.
2619 ::: Caught Up (2010/II) ::: What will it take for the children of a preacher to learn that the world is not always good to you. A Film dealing with a Preacher's children that goes through somethings in their lives that they have to deal with and they Father can't get them out of. His son is battling with HIV and his daughter deals with Peer Pressure & Drinking & Driving.
2620 ::: Natgwa bam (1968) ::: Yeong-geol and his sister escape from the clutches of the Hong Kong gangsters who killed their parents. Now they are operating a night club in Seoul, but a villain from their past has just arrived in Korea and is about to change their lives
2621 ::: Carnival of Blood (1970) ::: A brutal murder has taken place at Coney Island amusement park, and DA Dan is assigned to investigate and bring the killer to justice. For some reason, he decides to celebrate his engagement to Laura by inviting his fiancee to come with him and enjoy the park, even though there is still a violent murderer running loose. As the body count rises, Dan must sift through the clues before he or Laura become the next victims.
2622 ::: Georges Bataille's Story of the Eye (2003) ::: The film takes place in a seemingly abandoned house where a group of people engage in wordless acts of passion. It covers a period from evening to morning, and the sexual couplings among the members of the house becomes increasingly harrowing as daylight arrives.
2623 ::: Waco (1952) ::: Matt Boone kills Bull Clark in self defense in a crooked poker game, and leaves Waco as he is certain he would not get a fair trial. He joins an outlaw gang led by Curly Ivers, whose lieutenant is Lou Garcia, a killer. Following a bank holdup in Pecos, Matt is captured. Two of Waco's leading citizens, Richards and Farley, pay the Pecos sheriff the reward Waco had posted for Matt and bring him back to Waco. There, they tell him they want him to be the sheriff and drive out the lawless element. Matt has trouble with Kathy Clark and her cowhands but she soon realizes that Matt is not a killer, and is a honest lawmen. The Texas Rangers capture Ivers and his gang, except for Garcia who has sworn to kill Matt before he is ever captured. Ivers warns Matt of Garcia. Matt takes off his badge, opens Ivers' cell and starts out to find Garcia. Ivers gives Matt wrong directions and then Ivers prepares to shoot Garcia when he comes looking for Matt. Garcia shoots Ivers and Matt, arriving back in town, kills Garcia. Ivers dies after wishing future happiness for Matt and Cathy.
2624 ::: Was ihr wollt (1968) ::: Viola and Sebastian are lookalike twins, separated by a shipwreck. Viola lands in Illyria, where she disguises herself like her brother and goes into the service of the Duke Orsino. Orsino sends her to help him woo the Lady Olivia, who doesn't want the Duke, but finds that she likes the new messenger the Duke's sending. Then, of course, Viola's brother shows up, and merry hell breaks loose. Meanwhile, Olivia's uncle and his cohorts are trying to find some way to get back at Olivia's officious majordomo, Malvolio.
2625 ::: Solange et les vivants (2016) ::: One day, while Solange is studying sheep-shaped dust formations in her apartment, the doorbell rings. A deliveryman claims to have a package for her. Solange is formal in her response: That's impossible. The deliveryman insists, and miss understanding ensues. Solange collapses. After asking questions about her social and personal life, a doctor suggests that someone watch over Solange at night. her landlord, who drove her to see the doctor devotes himself to the task. Later, remembering his other obligations, he must recruit a new watchman...A veritable human chain is put into place to prevent Solange from being left alone. This relational therapy seems beneficial. One day, while Solange is studying sheep-shaped dust formations in her apartment, the doorbell rings. A deliveryman claims to have a package for her. Solange is formal in her response: That's impossible. The deliveryman insists, and misunderstanding ensues. Solange collapses. When a doctor suggests that someone watch over Solange at night, her landlord devotes himself to the task. Later, remembering his other obligations, he must recruit a replacement watchman - A human chain is put into place to prevent Solange from being left alone. This relational therapy seems beneficial.
2626 ::: Extinction Machine (????) ::: The President of the United States vanishes from the White House. A top-secret prototype stealth fighter is destroyed during a test flight. Witnesses on the ground say that it was shot down by a craft that immediately vanished at impossible speeds and all over the world reports of UFOs are increasing at an alarming rate. In a remote fossil dig in China dinosaur hunters have found something that is definitely not of this earth. There are rumors of alien-human hybrids living among us. Joe Ledger and the Department of Military Sciences rush headlong into the heat of the world's strangest and deadliest arms race, because the global race to recover and retro-engineer alien technologies has just hit a snag. Someone-or something--wants that technology back. The President of the United States vanishes from the White House. A top-secret prototype stealth fighter is destroyed during a test flight. Witnesses on the ground say that it was shot down by a craft that immediately vanished at impossible speeds and all over the world reports of UFOs are increasing at an alarming rate. In a remote fossil dig in China dinosaur hunters have found something that is definitely not of this earth. There are rumors of alien-human hybrids living among us. Joe Ledger and the Department of Military Sciences rush headlong into the heat of the world's strangest and deadliest arms race, because the global race to recover and retro-engineer alien technologies has just hit a snag. Someone-or something--wants that technology back. The Joe Ledger book series follows the titular Captain Joe Ledger, a former Army Ranger and Baltimore Detective who is hired by the clandestine Department of Military Sciences (DMS), as an investigative agency pursuing threats to the US and the world at large by terrorists who are using cutting edge and exotic technology ranging from designer pathogens that create mutants to transgenics used for ethnic cleansing.
2627 ::: Organism (1975) ::: Chaos and confusion seem to multiply in every corner of the Big Apple. Yet there seems to be some order in all that chaotic and relentless system and things seem to work just fine. The same can be said about the human body. Director Hilary Harris proves with this short documentary that cities and organisms are all-alike.
2628 ::: Deconstructing Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (2017) ::: Scott Freiman, composer/producer and Beatles historian, shows audiences how the Beatles made their 1967 masterpiece album, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band, through long lost recordings, vintage photographs, and interview footage of the band members and those close to them.
2629 ::: Rosedale (2011) ::: An evil cult is determined to summon a powerful spirit through a sacrificial ritual. The spirit has chosen one man to be the sacrifice and will not accept a substitute. Success for the cult seems definite until a supernatural expert and adventurer named Victor Whiskey decides to stand in their way and prevent the sacrifice. Ever determined, the cult will stop at nothing to crush the opposition and carry out their dark task. Now, Victor must use all his cunning and bravado to blast his way through the cult in a kill or be killed showdown of good against evil.
2630 ::: Yang Yang (2009) ::: Yang-yang is a French-Taiwanese mix. She has never seen her French father. She does not speak a single French word. Her mum has re-married but she has been very lonely. She started working at the entertainment industry. The fact that she is a mix is a good selling point. The film depicts how Yang-yang dealt with her life, her relationships with men, with her mother and friends.
2631 ::: Houston: Big City, Bright Future (2014) ::: An economic report about Houston, Texas, this documentary examines the rapid growth the city is experiencing, the growing scarcity of skilled labor, and how community leaders are working to attract and train a new generation of highly skilled workers.
2632 ::: Salka Valka (1954) ::: A coming of age story about young Salka Valka who lives in the small fishing village of Íseyri. She is doing well for herself as a partner in a small fishing boat, but people believe she is financed by her deceased mother's former fiance, Steinthór, who disappeared on their wedding day many years ago. Salka becomes infatuated with the idealistic Arnaldur who wants to start a workers union, much to the opposition of local entrepreneur Bogesen. The past comes to haunt her in the return of Steinthór but Salka fends off his advances only to lose the restless Arnaldur away.
2633 ::: The Wonderful World of Louis Armstrong (1999) ::: A stylized and intimate portrait of the fantastic life of Louis Armstrong. The film charts the story of the innovator, the first great jazz soloist, band leader, pop star, actor and American cultural ambassador Louis Armstrong. The creator of jazz as we know it today, the wonderful World of Louis Armstrong is a sensitive insight into the life of the man behind the trumpet, An epic story that spans 70 years from his childhood day on the streets of New Orleans to his adopted home of Queen, New York. the film maps a career that has lasted long after him.
2634 ::: Sobrevivi ao Holocausto (2014) ::: Julio Gartner was 15 years old when Germany invaded Poland on the Second World War. He lived in Krakow, Poland with his parents and brothers. Now Julio is 88 years old, and takes us back to Poland, Austria, Italy, France, Brazil, and tells us his survival story. Ghettos, concentration camps, villages. With a perfect memory for details, Julio brings a lot of emotion to his narrative.
2635 ::: Dissocia (2019) ::: After a decade of forgettable low budget B movie roles, beautiful and talented actress/ventriloquist Riley Oconnell finally booked a project she can be proud of. Better still, her new film is premiering at the biggest Hollywood event of the season. All she has to do is show up tomorrow night looking fabulous, and her manager will introduce her to the who's who of Tinsel Town. Problem is, Makayla, Riley's biggest fan, has Riley tied to a chair and won't let her go until she reenacts her role in a movie so forgettable, even Riley doesn't remember doing it. Riley enlists Makayla's dimwitted but sweet, boyfriend, Seth to help her, but when Makayla discovers Seth is in love with Riley, violence ensues. Fortunately, Makayla's therapist steps in at the last moment, but the help isn't exactly what either Riley or Makayla had in mind. It isn't just Riley's career hanging in the balance anymore.
2636 ::: Come to Me (2014/I) ::: A young boy "Pasha" is cursed by an evil witch in his love life. Two girls taken away from him in a ferocious curse by a supernatural witch. Pasha has to break the curse with the power of spirituality.
2637 ::: Passion and Romance: Double or Nothing (1997) ::: Romance novelist Kathleen Connell meets the suave Jack at one of her book signings. He asks for a date, and she agrees. Through various mishaps, their date is postponed twice, and we are shown the erotic wanderings of Kathleen's mind as her next book is written in her head...
2638 ::: Last Fight (????) ::: The Last Fight is a pure drama, inspired by a true story about a gym, Bare Bones Boxing, which helps troubled youths get off the streets by allowing them to train for free, and giving them something positive in their lives. A young boxer is forced into early retirement due to severe brain trauma (CTE), after recently losing his long-time trainer and father figure. His wife leaves him because he will not give up fighting, despite learning of her pregnancy, which he cannot come to terms with. He moves back to his old neighborhood alone and confused. Trying desperately to hold on to his one love (his fighting career) he gets caught up in the unseemly world of underground fighting, and the mobsters that operate within.. . He must decide the right path to take before it's too late and he loses everything!!
2639 ::: "Bikinis & Boardwalks" (2013) ::: Nothing says vacation like a beach boardwalk, where millions of travelers flock to indulge in their favorite guilty pleasures every year. Specialty cameras will be mounted on everything, from surfers braving the waves to the helmets of active Army Parachute Specialists, as they rain down from over 12,000 feet above the boardwalk at the annual Atlantic City Air Show. We'll go behind the scenes and meet the world famous candy makers as they go through 10,000 pounds of taffy a day trying to satisfy tourists' insatiable sweet tooth! And just when you think you've seen it all, viewers will get an insider entrée to the country's last Circus Sideshow at Coney Island's Boardwalk - with never-before-given access to the sword swallowers, sorcerers, fire-eaters and more! From the sinfully delicious foods and adrenaline-pumping thrill rides, to the unexpected nearby attractions and miles of gorgeous beach - this will be an all-access pass to summer's most sizzling destinations, and the inside scoop on what makes these playgrounds the ultimate summer hotspots.
2640 ::: "Pimedad aknad" (1968) ::: In September 1944, the tiny Northern European country of Estonia is one the brink of being released from under the occupation of Nazi Germany only to be seized by the Soviet army. This film follows the destinies of two women - Maarja and Leeda - and two men - Gert and Mati - under the harrowing influence of war and foreign occupation.
2641 ::: "From Scratch: The Web Series" (2017) ::: Writing has been my passion since I was 15 years old when I entered my first writing competition. My goals of becoming a writer were quickly put on hold as life delivered me setback after setback and obstacles left and right. Now, in my thirties, I find myself reawakening from a long nightmare to pursue my dreams as a writer. However, life still continues to happen as I prepare my first book and start my life over from scratch to become a full-time writer. Watch my journey as I start over, go after my dreams, and write my own ticket on From Scratch: The Web Series.
2642 ::: The Hearse (1980) ::: Jane Hardy decides to stay the summer in the house her aunt left her when she died, to try and recoup from a bad divorce. Little does she know, her aunt practiced witchcraft and is still thought of very badly by the town's citizens. As soon as she moves in, she is haunted by a old black hearse and it's creepy driver. Is she going insane or is she truly being menaced? She meets a friendly young man and becomes involved with him, but is he and the creepy driver one and the same?
2643 ::: Nick Name & the Normals (2004) ::: Nick Name and The Normals is the story of an ex-Mormon missionary from Logan, Utah who transformed into openly gay punk Rocker Nick Name. It follows the band on their notorious Gay Pride tour (including San Francisco, LA, London and Las Vegas) as Nick Name must fight hostile reactions from both straight and gay audiences as well as battle the psychological demons from his religious upbringing.
2644 ::: Bangkok Wives (2010) ::: A computer programmer and his sexy wife move into the upscale community of Bangkok, Connecticut. It's not long before the wife notices something strange: all of the husbands in the community work for the same high-tech company all of the wives are gorgeous, sexy and very submissive Asian women. She begins to suspect that something sinister is going on.
2645 ::: Hispanic Youth Showcase 25th Anniversary (2011) ::: The venerable award winning show turns a quarter century. Hosted by past winners Isabel Rodriguez, Emma Rosa Bigelow, Veronica Kole, Anthony Fania and Keila Perez-Vega, this television special serves as a showcase for youth of Hispanic Heritage. William Q. Sanchez has served at the helm for 25 years of the show that has launched the careers of numerous movie, television, Broadway and recording stars.
2646 ::: The Reconcilers (2002) ::: Two multinational corporations opt for trial by combat, to swiftly and inexpensively settle their differences. The Companies' CEOs and Attorneys are summoned to a final round of mediation, at an off-shore location. Unsuspectingly they step into an arena where nothing is business as usual.
2647 ::: I Smile Back (2015) ::: Laney Brooks does bad things. Married with kids, she takes the drugs she wants, sleeps with the men she wants, disappears when she wants. Now, with the destruction of her family looming, and temptation everywhere, Laney makes one last desperate attempt at redemption.
2648 ::: Zoo was Utrecht (1994) ::: This documentary features unique historical footage (some in b/w) of Utrecht. Narrator Anton Geesink takes you on a trip down memory lane, and shares some of his own memories about the city he was born in. This 45 minute video contains unique footage of the old cattle-market (Veemarkt), the great fire that demolished the railway-station, and many more events.
2649 ::: "Austin Stories" (1997) ::: The story of three friends - Laura , A newspaper columnist, Howard, a homeless slacker, and Chip, a misdirected career-vagabond, - and their misadventures together.
2650 ::: Koko ni aru shiawase (2015) ::: Hiroyuki Tachikawa is 28-years-old. He quits his job due to severe quotas and difficult relations. His girlfriend, Chieko Takanashi (Eriko Nakamura), also kicks him out. Hiroyuki Tachikawa then decides to go to the small port city of Tsuyazaki in Fukuoka Prefecture. There, he meets a 72-year-old woman, Fukuko Hanada. She doesn't know why, but she likes Hiroyuki Tachikawa and takes him to different places. The young man soon picks up on the meaning of happiness.
2651 ::: Die Jungs vom Bahnhof Zoo (2011) ::: Berlin stories behind sex for money. Despised, stigmatised and suppressed to the fringe of society - this is the reality young, male prostitutes face in Berlin. Most of the hustlers are immigrants, a lot of them act out of necessity. Rosa von Praunheim acompanies the young adults at their work in bars, porn movie theatres and on the street. He shows their reasons, their stories and above all, their strong will to survive.
2652 ::: The Last Game (2017/II) ::: Not all is what it seems when a few friends get together on the night before Halloween to play what they thought as a harmless spirit board game. As one of the members of the group decides he doen't believe in such games, the night quickly takes a dramatic turn.
2653 ::: "Legends of Rod & Reel" (2008) ::: These are The Legends of Rod & Reel. Some are famous; some are not. Some catch crappies; some chase bass. Some battle tarpon; some cast for carp. No matter, they all share one thing in common. Every Legend is exceptional with a hook and line. They possess fishing skills the rest of us can only wish we had. They have a thirst to catch. They fish with passion. These are The Legends of Rod & Reel.
2654 ::: Hunters Are for Killing (1970) ::: A man comes home after serving time in prison to claim his share of his deceased mother's estate. However, his stepfather, who holds him responsible for his own son's death, intends to fight him for everything.
2655 ::: Remarkable Shades of Gay (2016) ::: Remarkable Shades of Gay is a compilation of nine short films shot by award winning LGBTQ director William Branden Blinn between 2008 and 2014. Included in the compilation are "Thirteen or so Minutes..." "Chased", "Never or Now", "Without A Mom", "Triple Standard", "Toeing The Line", "A la Carte", "Truth or Dare", and "He She We".
2656 ::: Unspeakable (2017) ::: Jo Shepherd, mother to Ben and Katie, lives with them and her much younger partner, triage nurse Danny. She is horrified to receive an anonymous text suggesting that "something's going on " between 11 year old Katie and Danny and, unable to identify the sender, confides in her friend Sally that Katie has been unusually withdrawn. Concerned that she is about to leave the children with Danny for a week she ultimately confronts him, resulting in him angrily walking out. Determined to hear Katie's version of events she visits her at her ex-husband Des's house to eventually discover the truth.
2657 ::: Kinderen in gods hand (1958) ::: Ylonka and Ferenc, two Hungarian orphans who flee the Nazis during the Second World War, try to find a home in Flanders. After a series of adventures and misadventures, they do find affection in a Flemish foster family. Unfortunatelty, as they are not in order with the law, they are repatriated to their native country.
2658 ::: Ambush Valley (1936) ::: When Clay Morgan kills Joel Potter, Marshal Manning has to arrest the brother of the girl he plans to marry. When the Morgans effect Clay's escape, the Potters take Ann Morgan as a hostage. Manning is now caught in the middle and the two sides are about to fight it out. Utilizing a plot used previously by Buck Jones (twice), Ken Maynard and a year earlier at Reliable by Tom Tyler, and later at Columbia with Charles Starrett, this cattlemen vs. nesters version finds Marshal Bob Banning trying to explain to Lem Morgan, the father of Bob's sweetheart Ann, that the incoming homesteaders have a right to occupy government land, but the old man denounces him and swears he will kill any nesters who invade his grazing lands. In a drunken fight, Morgan's son Clay kills Joel Potter and Bob is forced to arrest him. In a battle with Morgan and his hands, Bob is wounded and Ann, going to his aid, is captured by the Potters and held hostage for her brother. Bob tries to persuade Clay to give himself up for his sister's sake, but Bob is held prisoner while the Morgan men ride to rescue Ann. Bob overcomes Clay and takes him to the confrontation scene, where Clay is accidentally shot by his own father.
2659 ::: Günese Yolculuk (1999) ::: Mehmet, a young Turkish man newly migrated from the village Tire, takes a job searching for water leaks below the surface of the streets of Istanbul. Due to a strange set of events, he is mistaken for a Kurd, imprisoned, and brutally beaten. Upon his release a week later, he becomes an outcast marked as a Kurd, losing his apartment, his job, and eventually his girl friend, Arzu. When a Kurdish friend, Berzan is killed in a street protest triggered by a hunger strike, Mehmet takes a trek to return the body to Berzan's home village near the Iraqi border, and learns why so many Kurds are refugees.
2660 ::: "Japan's Next Beauty" (2013) ::: The question of Japan's next breakout star will be answered in this new and engaging show from Fox International Channels Japan! It's a competition that combines the beauty and grace of a fashion model; the agility of an athlete and the talent of Japan's finest entertainers.
2661 ::: De Hulp (????) ::: A banker and an illegal housekeeper are bound together by fate when the banker in one grand gesture blows up his career, his marriage and his back. The banker needs the housekeeper to care for him, the housekeeper is financially dependent on the banker - and having the banker at his mercy represents a major business opportunity. The relationship both men have with their families, one of calculated dependency and guilt tripping, forms the bridge over which a friendship between them can grow. But is that truly possible?
2662 ::: Out of the Poison Tree (2008) ::: On the eve of the long-awaited Khmer Rouge trial, an American survivor of the genocide returns to Cambodia hoping to unlock the mystery of her father's disappearance in 1975. Thida Buth Mam's quest intersects with many silent voices: widows, survivors from remote villages, monks and even former perpetrators. Her search for the truth stirs up the fractured pieces of one family's nightmare, unearths an unimaginable heartbreak and ultimately shines light on a people's broken silence.
2663 ::: Goldeneye (1989) ::: Fact-based biography of James Bond author, Ian Fleming. The film focuses on his wartime exploits and romantic adventures which ultimately led to his creation of the super-spy.
2664 ::: Dirk Hartog Island Unleashed (2012) ::: Travel with a group of intrepid, experienced anglers as they visit the "Holy Grail" of land based sports fishing! Filmed over 4 years, this location is a 30 hour journey from departure to destination for 2 weeks each year. Be right on the spot as they tangle with some of the most prized sport & table fish in the ocean. Marvel at the size of huge Baldchin Groper, Spangled Emperor, Pink Snapper, Tailor and many other varieties of fish, all caught from land alone. On Dirk Hartog Island there are simply no boats required. The stunning footage in this film is testament to the skills of the anglers, who have each acquired their individual talents from years of amateur fishing around the continent of Australia. To add to the remarkable fishing scenes viewers of all persuasions are sure to be in awe of the harsh scenic beauty of this magnificent island in Australia's far north west.
2665 ::: "Project Greenlight Australia 2" (2006) ::: The second Australian series of Matt Damon and Ben Affleck's brainchild, Project Greenlight is a captivating 12-part docu-series chronicling a first time filmmaker competition with contestants vying for the prize of a million-dollar production budget.
2666 ::: Plutonium Circus (1994) ::: Funny yet incisive look at the PANTEX Nuclear Weapons Plant, in Amarillo, TX, which was used for nuclear weapons assembly during the Cold War. The plant, which provides most of the jobs for those living in Amarillo, now operates as a disassembly-line where the weapons, which were once built there, are now being taken apart with the plutonium getting stored underground. The film deals with the issues of storing the plutonium and the effects the plant has had (and is having) on the town of Amarillo, as well as how it has affected the way people thought about the Cold War and its aftermath. It does so by taking a look at the lives and activities of the Amarillo residents directly or indirectly associated with, or having strong opinions about the Plant.
2667 ::: The City of Joy (2016) ::: Following a girl living in a slum trying to get an education, a mother in a village raising her two daughters alone, and a man in the city who pulls a rickshaw through the streets of Kolkata to provide for a family of seven, The City of Joy is a portrait of the daily life of three individuals and the city they live in.
2668 ::: Hans Werner Henze: Summer of 1966 (1966) ::: This portrait of the acclaimed German composer was filmed in Salzburg and Berlin during the rehearsals for his famous opera, "The Bassarids" for which W.H. Auden wrote the libretto. "The Bassarids" was based on a fragment of a Euripides play and was a high point in his operatic career, reflecting his progressive musical attitudes which brought him much acclaim. He was celebrating his 40th birthday at the time, living in Rome and enjoying a growing reputation all over Western Europe as a conductor and composer.
2669 ::: "Popples" (2015) ::: Popples is an animated high-energy children's comedy series about an amazing species of creatures that can pop into and out of a ball. The story is driven by the optimistic comedic enthusiasm of the BPP's (Best Popple Pals): Bubbles, Sunny, Lulu, Izzy and Yikes. Always wanting to help their friends, neighbors and each other, their efforts often times backfire in hilarious ways and they must spend the rest of the episode trying to unwind the mayhem they've caused. Luckily they always manage to save the day in their own POP-tastic way.
2670 ::: Escuela (2002) ::: Escuela offers a clear-eyed view into the lives of contemporary Mexican American migrants and their struggles to educate their children while obtaining employment. Centered around the life of Liliana (one of six daughters of the Luis family) entering her first year of high school, Hannah Weyer follows the back-and-forth movement of the family between their home in Texas near the borderlands and the California agricultural fields. Despite the best efforts of the school systems to accommodate students like Liliana, the social and emotional life of this young woman is constantly in flux.
2671 ::: Mame (1974) ::: It's the late 1920s. Upon the death of wealthy Chicagoan Edward Dennis, his nine-year old son 'Patrick Dennis (I)' (qv) becomes the ward of their only living relative, Edward's equally wealthy New York residing sister, Mame Dennis. Edward's will states that Patrick is to be raised Protestant in a "traditional" manner and that the trustee, Mr. Babcock with the Knickerbocker Bank, will pay Mame for expenses incurred in raising Patrick, he having the right of refusal to pay if he deems that the spirit of Edward's will is not honored. Mr. Babcock and Patrick's longtime nanny, the timid Agnes Gooch, are to ensure that Patrick is raised correctly. Edward included these stipulations in his will as he knows his sister is a flamboyant, free wheeling and eccentric woman who can be considered anything but traditional or conventional. Despite the disruption each provides in the other's life, Mame and Patrick form a loving, supportive relationship. Mame wants to provide her sense of guidance to Patrick, which means exposing him to a broad spectrum of all that life has to offer. That changes when Mr. Babcock learns what is going on, and the stock market crashes resulting in Mame losing all her money, the events in combination leading to Mr. Babcock taking Patrick away to enroll him in boarding school away from Mame's daily influence. Although not for herself, Mame realizes that she needs money to get Patrick back and support who she considers her entire family, which includes Agnes and her faithful butler, Ito. She may get a little help in the matter from her best friend, Broadway actress Vera Charles, and a southerner she meets named Beauregard Jackson Pickett Burnside. Over the next several years, Mame's influence on those around her, including Patrick, is presented, although those relationships are not always smooth sailing, especially as Patrick grows into a man with a mind of his own. The musical revolves around the antics of Mame Dennis, a fun-loving, wealthy eccentric with a flair for life and a razor-sharp wit. Her life is suddenly changed when she becomes the guardian of her late brother's only child, Patrick Dennis. Her adventures take us from the speak-easies of the roaring 20's to the depression following the great Stock Market crash. She is rescued by a wealthy Southern plantation owner, marries and is widowed suddenly, and through it all, manages to keep things under control. With some help from her dearest friend, Vera Charles, she helps keep things at 3 Beekman Place a rousing free-for-all.
2672 ::: Mom's Day Away (2014) ::: It's just before the Mother's Day weekend. Laura Miller née Ames is housewife to real estate agent Michael Miller and stay-at-home mom to mid-teen Brandon Miller and twelve year old Ella Miller. Laura and Michael met immediately after she got her Architecture degree, she forgoing a career in favor of marriage and a family. Laura used to think that they as a collective were a team, but now feels the other three have all moved on without her, Michael always on the phone with clients, and the kids preoccupied with their own lives. The three have an expectation that Laura will always be there to do whatever they need done around the house without question. Michael has also placed her in a role that she does not want but feels that someone has to do in placing boundaries for the kids: bad cop. All three of her family members forgetting until she reminds them that it is Mother's Day weekend upcoming, Michael informing her that he has to postpone their long planned summer family vacation to Paris yet again for another year for a work issue, and she meeting up with her childhood best girlfriend Trish Danville lead to Laura coming to the conclusion that her family members take her for granted. Trish is leading the life Laura had long planned for herself, Trish traveling the world as an Architect, she on the road more often than she is at home. While Trish does lead an exciting life, she could have it all as she and her business partner Jason have also been dating for three years, he who wants to marry her if she would only say yes. With Trish's arrival back in town, Laura, in a rare act of defiance with a last straw issue with the family, decides to hang out with Trish for a girls' day off to pamper themselves, which for Laura is easier said than done. Laura's arrival home at the end of the day to find that nothing has changed leads to her, at the last minute, taking Trish up on an offer to accompany her on a weekend business trip to a resort to meet with the resort's owner, client Don Holland. Laura's time away on this Mother's Day weekend, which allows her truly to see Trish's world up close and personal for the first time, gives all the Millers and Trish a clearer perspective of their lives and what they truly want for themselves, the Millers wants also in the context of their family collective.
2673 ::: Marie-Louise (1944) ::: Marie-Louise is a 1944 Swiss German and French language Swiss film directed by Leopold Lindtberg and an uncredited Franz Schnyder. The film, distributed in the U.S. by Arthur Mayer and Joseph Burstyn, was the first foreign language film ever to win an Academy Award, receiving the Oscar for Best Original Screenplay.
2674 ::: 35 degrees (2017) ::: In the unique scenery of the Swiss mountains of Valais, seven friends - aged 25 to 40, which life has brought in various directions, look for an activity in common. Eliane, an 80-year-old beekeeper, decides after the death of her husband, to sell her apiary to these enthusiastic and inexperienced young men. They ask her, if she could help to take care of the bees, which Eliane accepts happily. Bees fascinate a multitude of people, so also: Jean, who is newly retired and choses to dash into the adventure of beekeeping. Christelle, who lost 50 % of her hives during last winter. Jean-Claude, who produces organic honey. Françoise, who decided to work on a political level for the bees and Jean-Daniel, who is a researcher. Professionals share their philosophies, scientists their facts, the beekeeper apprentices discover the challenges of a fascinating microcosm and the bees bustle to keep the hive at 35 °C, struggling to survive in an increasingly dangerous environment.
2675 ::: Kidnapped by the Mob (2016) ::: In 1933 Jerome Factor, the 19 year old son of John "Jake the Barber" Factor, an international con man who got his schemes funded by the great criminal genius Arnold Rothstein and Al Capone, was kidnapped from his mothers Chicago apartment by mobsters. After his release his father , John "Jake the Barber" Factor was also kidnapped. On that night, my father and grandparents were also swept up in that kidnapping. Jake Factor was a friend of my family. He later ran the Las Vegas hotel casino The Stardust. The real owners were the Chicago Outfit. The Stardust was the casino portrayed in the movie "Casino" as the Tangiers. Jake Factor was replaced by Frank "Lefty" Rosenthal in the early 1960's. Rosenthal's character was played by Robert De Niro.
2676 ::: Tailor Made: Chinatown's Last Tailors (2008) ::: Octogenarian brothers 'Bill Wong (III)' (qv) and 'Jack Wong (V)' (qv) have owned and operated Modernize Tailors in Vancouver's Chinatown for sixty of the business' ninety year existence. Despite having engineering degrees, they decided on taking over the family business, started by their father, out of circumstance. In its heyday, Modernize, once the largest tailor shop in the city, had twenty employees, but now in an era of buying clothes off the rack, it is down to a staff of two, a coat maker and a pant maker, both who have been with the company for fifty years. In their advanced ages, Bill and Jack have to decide what to do with the business, they neither wanting it to die with them or having a family member take it over out of family pressure, without a want or aptitude of tailoring. And as one interviewee states, the number of tailors that are born in the city every year (to take over the business) is zero. Regardless, Bill and Jack's younger more famous businessman/philanthropist brother 'Milton Wong' (qv) has purchased the property across the street, the business' original site, for the brothers to live in retirement with a small storefront which they can use to continue a hobby business or to sell to whomever might want to buy the business. Currently, there are three potential roads Modernize could go after they move. One, the only guaranteed of the three but the least desirable, is that the business can fold whenever Bill and Jack decide to retire. Two, local part-time fashion reporter, 'J.J. Lee (II)' (qv), a faithful customer and an architect by training (a career which he has not pursued), has expressed a desire to apprentice with the brothers only to take over the business if he shows a true aptitude in tailoring, that aptitude which is not a certainty. Or three, 'David Wilkes (II)' (qv), the tailor at the local outlet of upscale Holt Renfrew, also a faithful customer, has also expressed a possible interest in taking over the business, especially if imminent job prospects with tailors in London's Savile Road, arguably the center of upscale menswear in the world, do not come to pass. The issues with two and three are that they are only expressions of interest, and that J.J. and David, while having their hearts with Modernize, may not see the business as being a true practicality in their lives.
2677 ::: Abed (2012) ::: The dead walk -- and are hungry. In one small Midwestern town, the residents have learned to cope as best they can. Meggie lost her husband, Quint, during the early days of the living dead plague. She now lives a life of quiet horror and desperation, for her mother-in-law will do anything to help the family adjust to this new world. Even the unspeakable.
2678 ::: Davis Farm (2014) ::: Davis Farm Brother and sister Steven (Joseph Rene) and Samantha (Marci Journey) have had to make many sacrifices to survive while taking care of their dying mother. But when they're on the verge of losing their home that's been in the family for generations, they each unknowingly take extreme measures to save it. Written & Directed By: Vernon Smith Brother and sister Steven and Samantha have had to make many sacrifices to survive while taking care of their dying mother. But when the bank comes knocking on the door, they each unknowingly take extreme measures to save their home that's been in the family for generations.
2679 ::: Java Heads: The Movie (1997) ::: The adventures of a veteran detective on the FDA's Java Squad immersed in the espresso fueled, coffeehouse culture of Hollywood. While trying to uncover a rumored black market deal in Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee, our detective stakes out Java Heads Cafe, where the caffeine-addicted percolate.
2680 ::: Sheriff of Redwood Valley (1946) ::: Redwood Valley residents raise $50,000 for blasting a mountain tunnel to bring a new railroad there. Town leader Bidwell ('James Craven (I)' (qv)) engineers a plot to steal the money and to blame it on the Reno Kid ('Bob Steele (I)' (qv)) who has recently broken out of prison in order to clear himself of false charges that sent him there and caused him to lose his ranch. The badly-wounded sheriff turns his badge over to Red Ryder ('Bill Elliott (III)' (qv)). Reno visits his wife, Molly ('Peggy Stewart (I)' (qv)) and their ailing son Johnny ('John Wayne Wright' (qv)), and Red, also wounded, is brought there by Little Beaver ('Robert Blake (I)' (qv). There, Red begins to believe Reno's story about being innocent.
2681 ::: Forbrydelser (2004) ::: Anna is a recent graduate theologian who are in search of a job. When she is offered a temporary job as a priest at a women's prison, she sees no reason to say no. There she meets Kate, a woman under the other inmates, possesses supernatural powers. Anna is a recent graduate theologian who are in search of a job. Anna is nothing more important than to have children, but even though she and her husband Frank have been trying for years, nothing has happened. When she is offered a temporary job as a priest at a women's prison, she sees no reason to say no. There she meets Kate, a woman under the other inmates, possesses supernatural powers. Anna discovers that she is pregnant and it is revealed that Kate carries a secret that may be fatal consequences for both of them.
2682 ::: The Brown Derby (1926) ::: Tommy Burke, an easy-going young plumber, is left a brown derby by his recently deceased uncle. The derby is said to bring good luck to its wearer, and it's not long before its powers apparently start paying off--Tommy finds himself engaged to a pretty young girl from a wealthy family. However, things aren't quite the way Tommy thinks they are.
2683 ::: The Neighbors (2016) ::: A diaristic exploration of intimacy forced through sonic bleed, this piece examines the blurring of public/private boundaries and details an individual's honest attempt to foster relationships. Agency is asserted as aural pollution is subverted. The subjunctive turns into reality.
2684 ::: In Conversation: Lensing Star Trek - The Next Generation (2014) ::: Star Trek episodic director's James L. Conway and David Livingston join director of photography Jonathan West and camera operator Kriss Krosscove for a look back at their iconic work in this round table discussion. The directors reveal the secrets to staging high concept science fiction sagas, explosive action, and FX heavy sequences on a weekly television budget. The group also discusses the challenges and difficulties they faced while creating some of the most memorable missions for the Enterprise crew.
2685 ::: Bed Stuy: Do or Die (2011) ::: This powerful documentary takes viewers deep into the gritty streets of Bed-Stuy with a group of modern-day heroes from the Bedford-Stuyvesant Volunteer Ambulance Corps (BSVAC). This is the first minority volunteer run ambulance corp in the United States of America, and it is fighting to stay alive. It all started back in 1988, when gangs ran the streets and the gun was law. Crack use was at an all time high, causing violence and prostitution, and ambulance response times in Bed-Stuy took up to forty minutes, leaving people to die in the gutter. One larger-than-life character, James 'Rocky' Robinson, decided to take action. Working with gang members, alcoholics and drug takers, he taught them that it is better to save a life than to take a life. Together with his volunteers, Rocky has reduced the waiting time for an ambulances to a record breaking four minutes. Always first on the scene, they transport anyone who needs their help to the hospital. But the ambulance corp has fallen on hard times while waiting for a new headquarters, and has been forced to operate out of a tent in an empty lot. And the heat of another summer season is just beginning...
2686 ::: "Everyday Law" (2015) ::: This is the show that explains the legal side of the stuff you're already talking about... so you can sound smart when arguing with your friends. On his first day of law school, Corlandos's only question was, "when are we gonna talk about the OJ case?" Well, after 3 years of law school and reading tons of boring Supreme Court decisions, they never got around to OJ, and it left Corlandos wondering when were they ever going to talk about Everyday Law.
2687 ::: "Bunches of Fun" (2017) ::: Bunches of Fun. is an innovative children's series based on the traveling adventures of Bunches, a curious, energetic, fun-loving and affectionate monkey adventurer, who safely takes his audience beyond the confines of home, yard and community.
2688 ::: Tanczacy jastrzab (1977) ::: "The Dancing Hawk" refers to the son of a peasant who senses he can climb to the job in troubled times by playing his cards right. His slavery to work match his ambitions, and gradually he reaches the social position he desires. But the costs have included a dehumanized soul and a loss of a moral conscience. People have had to pay for his advancement, including those nearest to him. The downfall is equally painful: either imprisonment or the easy wasy out are offered as the alternatives.
2689 ::: Down Time Jaz (2003) ::: Down Time Jaz is a fantastical portrait of a family of dancers, trapped inside their image of themselves as living out a public performance. They are watched anxiously through their windows until a new child arrives to break their 'routine'. She sees them as a "family of genies suffocating in a bottle', and decides to "nstop the cord and let the air in and the dance out". This frees them to flights of kinetic fantasy and adventure, but ultimately it all becomes too much. Her new task is then to find "a home, where, at the end of the day, we can all sleep happily" - thus liberating the dancers from their need to always be on display and allow them to relax into the loving interaction of family life.
2690 ::: Jazbaat (1980) ::: Sapna lives a very poor lifestyle in a town called Ramgarh in India. She has no family of her own, but lives with an older woman who she calls Mausi, and two grandchildren. Sapna is a petty thief and a pick-pocket, & is very well known to the local Police. When Police Inspector Kumar takes charge of Ramgarh Police Station, he has Sapna arrested on several counts of theft and holds her in a cell, but eventually lets her go after warning her. Then Sapna sneaks into a dance troupe, Deepak Theatre, and performs a song and dance number which is very much appreciated by the owner, Deepak, who asks her to accompany him to Bombay, which she does. Very soon she becomes a popular star, calls herself Sangeeta, and her photographs are splashed all over the media. She decides to return to Ramgarh to do one show before touring Europe. Watch what happens when Sapna returns home and the impact this visit has on the people of Ramgarh as well as the local Police.
2691 ::: Piedra sobre piedra (2004) ::: "Piedra sobre piedra" tells an exceptional situation that is lived in the Campo de Cartagena (Spain) since the Nineties when a group of people interested in ecology found a very important archaeological discovery. From that moment numerous people and institutions have been implied in the project, national and international. Due to the strong presence of Atapuerca in media, the rest of national archeological foundings, (like the one of the "Sima of the Doves" at the Cabezo Gordo, Torre Pacheco, Murcia) does not receive the importance for the discoveries that make year after year. This problem, basically economic, causes an investigation rate as slow "as the own passage of time", that with to the presence of a quarry of barren in the same mount and the little protection that the deposit receives, makes fear for everything what it would be possible to be advanced in the world-wide paleoantrhopolgy from the Iberian Peninsula.
2692 ::: Death of a Dissident (????) ::: The film will be an espionage thriller, exploring the collision between deep rooted Russian power structure enforced by the KGB and its successor, the FSB, and the new wave of wild west capitalism that came on the heels of Glasnost. And the way in which Litvinenko got caught between those two colossal forces. From his deathbed, Litvinenko blamed Russian president Vladimir Putin and his regime for the poisoning, ruled to be from polonium-210.
2693 ::: Der Baulöwe (1980) ::: The successful entertainment artist Ralf Keul must develop his land on the Baltic Sea or else ultimately give it up. Inexperienced yet courageous, he hurls himself into the undertaking, which spares him no unpleasantness. He battles over the transportation and procurement of materials, constantly on the verge of a nervous breakdown, while his craftsmen offer little additional assistance. About halfway through the project he runs out of money and ends up selling his coin collection. Finally, after countless stresses, job-related irritations, and overlapping marital crises, the house is built. His wife and daughter are thrilled, and enthusiastic visitors show up in droves.
2694 ::: D-Day: Turning the Tide (1994) ::: BBC correspondent 'Charles Wheeler (II)' (qv), himself a veteran of the D-Day landings, visits the area and talks to other people involved in D-Day. Particularly to Maj 'John Howard (XIX)' (qv) and others of the Ox & Bucks Light Infantry who landed by glider and took the Pegasus Bridge near Caen. Also to Lt Col 'T.B.H. Otway' (qv) and members of 9th Battalion, The Parachute Regiment, who parachuted in and disabled the Merville Battery which overlooked the invasion beaches. Wheeler also meets some of the Germans who tried to defend the region and to French and British civilians caught up in the action.
2695 ::: The Devil Came on Horseback (2007) ::: The tragedy taking place in Darfur as seen through the eyes of an American witness and who has since returned to the US to take action to stop it. Uses the photographs and first hand testimony of former U.S. Marine Captain Brian Steidle to take the viewer on a journey into the heart of Darfur, Sudan, where an Arab run government is systematically executing a plan to rid the province of its black African citizens. As an official military observer, Steidle had access to parts of the country that no journalist could penetrate. Ultimately frustrated by the inaction of the international community, Steidle resigned and returned to the US to expose the images and stories of lives systematically destroyed. We witness Steidle's transformation from soldier to observer to witness and, finally, to passionate activist and moral hero.
2696 ::: Golos (1982) ::: A film-in-film story of a star actress Julia Martynova (Sayko), who is suddenly hospitalized with terminal illness in the middle of a film production. She makes trips from hospital to studio for voice-over (dubbing) for her character. But the illness brought dramatic changes to her personality and voice, and she finds herself becoming a different person from who she was at the beginning of filming. Crew members are helping her in every possible way, and her voice brings a new dimension to the film.
2697 ::: Jefftown (2016) ::: Jeff (Sean Shannon) is having a bad time. His band is in shambles, his room mate Johnny (Clarke Bliss) is all about his new girlfriend, and he's barely earning a living. One afternoon, Jeff comes home to discover his guitar has been stolen. Fed up, he launches his own investigation to retrieve it that uncovers a sinister plot to gentrify his neighborhood. As he bounces from rival musicians to inept record producers, government agents, double agents, and square real estate developers, Jeff leaves no PBR unturned as he tries to find out... "What happened to my guitar?"
2698 ::: "SummerBreak 3" (2015) ::: Experience a life-changing summer with a group of LA kids - telling their stories, their way. Follow their hopes, dreams, dramas, parties, hook ups and break ups during their final summer together. This is the summer when everything changes.
2699 ::: The Glenn Miller Band Reunion (1989) ::: The Glenn Miller Band Reunion features original members of Miller's bands, the famed civilian one based in New York City and the specialty group he put together briefly for the Army Air Corps. The trombonist/band-leader was killed during World War II when his plane mysteriously disappeared crossing the English Channel. Jack Jones is the host, singing solo and with the other guests, 1950's recording artist Kay Starr and Los Angeles based jazz vocal group String of Pearls. Choreographer Lester Wilson created energetic nouveau jitterbugs to accompany and enhance the featured instrumentals. The music performed includes just about every Miller hit, from ''Moonlight Serenade,'' ''In the Mood,'' ''Chattanooga Choo Choo'' and ''Pennsylvania 6-5000'' to more obscure pieces like ''Love With a Capital U''. In between the live recorded musical numbers, there are biographical documentary segments, presented in the format of personal anecdotes from the original musicians themselves. Recalled are the 15-minute radio programs the band performed three times a week for Chesterfield cigarettes. There are clips from home movies made during the production of the film ''Sun Valley Serenade.'' There are several rare appearances from the unsung heroes of the golden age of the Big Band era, not only performing in the live recorded orchestra but in several of the documentary styled clips. Notably musicologist Paul Tanner and Conductor/Arranger of Sinatra fame Billy May, trombonist Zeke Zarchy, saxophonist Willie Schwartz and Air Force Band drummer Ray McKinley who also performs lead vocals in lieu of Tex Beneke.
2700 ::: Virginia (2005) ::: Virginia," a contemporary version of a female Huck Finn set in modern day Los Angeles during the holiday season, is the story of what happens when a child named VIRGINIA is abandoned by her mother KELLY, a heroin addict, seeking to get better, leaving her in the questionable hands of her boyfriend GRIFFIN.
2701 ::: Mana: Beyond Belief (2004) ::: What do the Shroud of Turin, Elvis's Graceland, and a flag flown barely a moment over the U.S. Capitol have in common. Mana - that sacred, spiritual power thought to reside in a person, place or thing. Belief is not just religion, say filmmakers Friedman and Manley. It drives the stock market; it determines how we encapsulate history and our personal memories. It underlies racism and war... A trip around the amazing world of power objects, from the sacred to the absurd.
2702 ::: Des étoiles plein le ciel (2016) ::: Cecilia and Romain are Mila's parents, a small lively and full of life girl 5 years old. For a summer day, Mila plays with her friends outside her home, but his carelessness will push to agree to follow a stranger. The time that Romain is aware of his disappearance, it is unfortunately too late. Mila is mounted in the van and not return. Months of research to follow, while Roman remains strong and protective, Cecilia, she sinks into despair, drowning his sorrows in alcohol and drugs.
2703 ::: Ernstfall in Havanna (2002) ::: Stefan Balsiger is a congenial, average councillor to the Swiss embassy in Havanna. While accompanying an US senator on his mission in Cuba, he makes a botch of so many things, that a minor blunder by the Senator turns into a serious incident, which intensifies into a second Cuban crisis - thanks to further entanglements by the media, police, and diplomats who represent the arch-enemies USA and Cuba. Only one person can eventually solve the crisis: Stefan Balsiger himself.
2704 ::: Stepping Out (1931) ::: When Sally (Charlotte Greenwood) and Eve (Leila Hyams) take a vacation together to make their rich husbands miss them, the boys (Reginald Denny and Harry Stubbs) promptly invite over two gold digging actresses (Lilian Bonds and Merna Kennedy) for an after hours "audition." But when the girls return expectedly and catch the lads in the act, they clean out their bank accounts, pick up two lugs (Cliff Edwards and Kane Richmond) and proceed to teach their spouses a lesson. Based on a play by Elmer Harris (Johnny Belinda) and co-adapted by the author himself, Stepping Out stars zany second banana Charlotte Greenwood in a rare, top-billed performance. Renowned for her legendary high-kick, Greenwood performs the long-legged shtick that made her famous as well as a charming duet with fellow vaudevillian Cliff "Ukulele Ike" Edwards, who later gained screen immortality as the voice of Jiminy Cricket.
2705 ::: Ji feng zhon de ma (2005) ::: Under the encouragement of the Chinese government, the traditional way of life of the nomads of the Mongolian plains change. Once a culture with a great emphasis on raising horses on the grassy plains, they are encouraged to move into the cities to work as industrial workers. However, one family tries to resist this change, trying to raise money to send their child to school by selling yogurt. Unfortunately, this is hardly sufficient and they are forced to sell their beloved horses.
2706 ::: Rezervni deli (2003) ::: Embittered widower, Ludvik, spends his nights transporting illegal refugees in his van from Croatia, across Slovenia, and into Italy. The young and inexperienced Rudi acts as his helpmate. Together they become a well-trained duo who almost every night convey "spare parts" to Italy. Of course the story of their illegitimate exports into Europe ends tragically, for everyone. The whole idea of this account is that everyone - including ourselves - is looking for happiness: the "spare parts" because of the misery they are plunged into without, and our characters because they can't find it inside.
2707 ::: Present Perfect (2017) ::: Following a painful breakup, Toey decides to heal his broken heart in Higashikawa town where he meets Oat, who is on his bachelor finale trip. From stranger to friends, romance spark off between the two. Before returning to the "real" world, they have to pick up their broken pieces and rebuild it. Join us for a heartwarming journey as we follow the simple pursuit of love. This is the simple story of Present Perfect.
2708 ::: The Tale of the Rugged Rotary (1960) ::: The rotary cutter uses heavy-duty rotating blades to cut down and grind up plant material on the farm and homestead, from grass to crop residue, brush, and even small stumps and trees. We see the IH line of rotary cutters in action, from the small model 211 through the larger 310, 410, and 510 -- there is a model for every need and situation. The superior construction and ruggedness of each major component of the IH design is demonstrated.
2709 ::: Snowroller - Sällskapsresan II (1985) ::: Stig-Helmer takes another vacation with his Norwegian friend Ole. This time it's time for a skiing vacation in the Alps. Of course, Stig-Helmer has never learned downhill skiing, but he attends a ski school. And together they manage to charm two women also on vacation. The other Swedish tourists are a diverse group of people, including the choleric Mr. Jönsson and his family and two men trying to sell kick sleds.
2710 ::: Shey min el khouf (1969) ::: Based on Tharwat Abaza's short story, 'Shey min al Khawf' takes place in a rural Egyptian village. Atris' reign of terror on the villagers is put to the test when a public act of defiance is carried out by Fu'ada, the object of his affection.
2711 ::: Tba (1998) ::: This film tells the story of one boy's struggle to come to terms with his harrowing past; an adult story seen through the eyes of a child. Zura is forced to watch as his father is slaughtered by members of his small village. The mother escapes with the boy, eventually moving away and living in a run-down apartment in Tbilisi where a new life (hopefully) awaits. However, a new location canot begin to erase the psychological trauma the boy has experienced and this manages to affect his every relationship; neighbours, his new teacher, schoolmates & even his mother. His father's death at the banks of the lake (hence the title), have twisted his strong personality towards sinister/evil ways. His pent-up grief manifests itself in dark ways... can he possibly ever escape his anger and sorrow? Inspired by Heinrich Mann's "Abdication" (short-story).
2712 ::: Mein Freund aus Faro (2008) ::: Eternal daydreamer Mel (Anjorka Strechel) can't wait to quit her sucky catering job and fly to her dream destination: Portugal. Things change when the beautiful Jenny (Lucie Hollmann) literally crashes into her life when Mel nearly runs her over in her classic BMW. It is love at first sight, however there is just one problem: Jenny mistakenly assumes Mel to be a boy. Despite this, the pair become boyfriend and girlfriend. With Mel attempting to disguise her true gender at every turn, her journey from tomboy to out lesbian is fraught with life-defining dilemmas and sweet surprises.
2713 ::: Poison Oaks (2011) ::: Poison Oaks is a "true fictional" dark comedy about an eccentric Alamo Heights, Texas mother and daughter living in a condemned house filled with "garbage, cats, and broken dreams". One part "Grey Gardens" and several parts John Waters, Andy Warhol, David Lynch, Russ Meyers and Federico Fellini, this black and white "mockumentary" set in the 1970s features a multi-ethnic cast of highly talented San Antonio actors and features an original soundtrack including several well known local musicians and others of world renown, including Candye Kane, Fox Elipsus, Katherine Dawn of The Texas Lady Bugs, Dylan Rogers, Patrice Villastrigo along with Spot Barnett, Valerie Fernandez, Balsa Racers, Strange Arithmetic, Robin Kirby, Rebecca St.John, Justin Roberts, and The Winkie Baxter Trio.
2714 ::: Z Foundation Earth (????) ::: The movie is about a secret organization that the FBI is investigating because the leader of the organization wrote a letter to the white house saying he was going to kill the president. Some friendly aliens come down to earth to warn the president of a attack from outer space. The organization, aliens, and the us navy will defend the earth against the oncoming attack from outer space
2715 ::: 'Mata kanarazu aou' to daremoga itta. (2013) ::: A compulsive liar promises to provide his friends with evidence of a fabricated visit to Tokyo. He makes the trip, informing his parents that he is visiting a potential university. An unlikely chain of events is set in motion when he misses the flight home.
2716 ::: Warrior Princess (2005) ::: A warrior princess from another world is hiding inside a massive lotus flower and accidentally gets exposed by Krishna Balram. Her cover thus destroyed, she is immediately tracked and attacked by her enemies who are on the lookout to eliminate her, as she is the last surviving rightful heir to the throne. Krishna and Balram take on the responsibility of protecting her.
2717 ::: What! No Beer? (1933) ::: Although he has never met her, Elmer Butts loves Hortense secretly and from afar. He dreams of making a million dollars so he can buy her a Rolls automobile and marry her. With prohibition apparently on the verge of ending, Elmer's friend Jimmy Potts gets an idea to make them both rich by opening a brewery just before the legalization of alcoholic beverages. Their timing is off, and the police raid them, but their inept brewing has created a beer with no alcohol, so they are let off. But it has also resulted in a cheaply made beer, and bootlegger Spike Moran realizes that he can vastly increase his profits by partnering with Elmer and Jimmy. But none of them reckons with the competitor, another bootlegger, gangster Butch Lorado. Butch has a girlfriend....Elmer's dream girl, Hortense.
2718 ::: In My Own Time: Diary of a Cancer Patient (1995) ::: This documentary tells the story of Joseph Viszmeg, an Edmonton filmmaker who was diagnosed with a rare form of adrenal cancer in 1991. Doctors gave him a year to live, but 4 years later Viszmeg is very much alive. This is his personal account of living with this disease.
2719 ::: The Secret Life of an Office Cleaner (2005) ::: Late at night and early in the morning an army of almost a million people descend on London to clean the workplaces and offices of the capital. They are generally unseen, paid very low wages and many are working illegal. This documentary looks at this massive industry, the conditions that people work in and the attempts to raise the lot of the cleaning staff.
2720 ::: "Telecompring" (2002) ::: A parody of teleshopping products with the Reverend Larry Bimbotle as host. In Telecompring you can buy products such as Stop Erect (anti-erection patches) or the Re-education Course for Men : Learn how to say "I love you".
2721 ::: Yudelmi (2018) ::: There are many urban legends in Puerto Rico. Ghosts, spirits and souls in pain that cross at night the different fields and cities of Puerto Rico. Each of these stories told in a different way and tempered to the times. East of Puerto Rico are more present thanks to the mysterious and imposing presence of the Yunque that holds much mystery. In Naguabo, town of the "Enchumbaos" is an abandoned summer camp that drags many dark stories of deaths and spirits. An heir will come to try to settle down and revive Yudelmi but there are many spiritual and earthly forces that are ready to avoid it. The curse of Yudelmi will be real. Will Monica and Rigo Inclán be able to claim what legally inherited from them? Or there will be a lot of forces surrounding that property too risky for him and his family. It will be worth fighting or discovering the truth of the curse. We will see why the decision is made.
2722 ::: Another Time, Another Place (1983) ::: Set in 1943 Scotland during World War II, Janie is young housewife married to a man named Dongal, 15 years her senior. As part of a war rehabilation program, Janie and Dongal welcome three Italian P.O.W.'s to work on their farm and Janie soon falls in love and enters into a doomed affair with one of the Italians named Luigi.
2723 ::: Poppea... una prostituta al servizio dell'impero (1972) ::: Ottone and Savio work hard to keep each other out of trouble with the Roman Centurions while scraping together food and drink with various scams. Emperor Nero's wife, the beautiful Poppea, takes an interest in Ottone, who after a short stint as a gladiator gets a region to manage and an army of his own to command, all the while assisted by his best friend and partner in crime Savio.
2724 ::: "Gold Mountain" (2016/I) ::: A series of brutal murders lead a pair of Asian American police officers down a deadly path in San Francisco's Chinatown. As a gangland threatens to erupt between an established Chinese crime family and the Russian mafia, Detectives Chin and Okada try to solve the mystery of the notorious "China Doll" killer.
2725 ::: One (2017/IV) ::: Story of an honest police officer Ronojoy Bose (Yash Dasgupta) in his crusade to cleanse society of corruption, and thus begins the cat & mouse chase and mind game between Ronojoy and the corrupt Award winning Scientist - Aditya Sen (Prosenjit Chatterji) How they play the game of upmanship. Will good triumph over evil in the end?
2726 ::: Kaitanshi jokei (2010) ::: In the city of Kaitan, during the winter, the local shipyard is downsized and workers are laid off. Futa (Pistol Takehara) lives with his younger sister Honami (Mitsuki Tanimura. He loses his job at the shipyard and, feeling uneasy about their situation, goes with Honami to see the sunrise on a nearby mountainside for New Year's Day. Makoto (Takashi Yamanaka), a new city hall employee, visits the only remaining house in a redevelopment area. The home belongs to a 70-year-old woman,Toki (Aki Nakazato) who lives with her cat and a few animals in her backyard. Toki refuses to vacate the land and Makoto tries to persuade her that she will be forcibly evicted. 49-year-old Ryuzo (Kaoru Kobayashi) works in a small planetarium, while his relationship with his wife Haruyo (Haruyo Hika) and teenage son is deteriorating. Haruyo finds release by working as a hostess in a cabaret. Haruo (Ryo Kase)has taken over the operation of his father's gas company, but he worries about the state of his business. He also has a strained relationship with his wife, who takes out her anger on their son Akira. Taichiro, a street car driver, spots his son, Hiroshi (Masaki Miura) walking in downtown Kaitan. Although Hiroshi lives & works in Tokyo, he has come back to Kaitan for business. But he doesn't contact his father, even though it is the holiday season.
2727 ::: Silver Patriot (2005) ::: The radio reports that Dr. Chameleon's reign of terror in Rivertown may be ending soon; listening is a woman who's just called the police. They arrive and interrogate her. She's just finished a double shift at a hospital; there's a body in her flat. Did she kill him? She tries to explain. Then we see the coroner make a startling discovery, and in a flashback, we see what really happened.
2728 ::: Ramata (2009) ::: Ramata is a spellbindingly beautiful woman in her fifties. She has been married for thirty years now to Matar Samb, a very rich man, a former prosecutor who is now Minister of Justice. They live in Les Almadies, an elegant neighborhood of Dakar. Ngor Ndong is twenty-five. He is young, strong, mysterious and homeless. He is an occasional petty crook, known to the police. One evening, in a taxi that Ngor Ndong just happens to be driving, Ramata, reticent at first, finally agrees to follow this young man half her age to the Copacabana, a dive in the seediest part of Dakar.
2729 ::: Bhool (2008) ::: About a woman trying to put her tragic past behind her. Uzma has suffered devastating losses in her young life. In her therapy and escape, she immerses herself in growing a successful company. But in her need to protect herself from the realities of her fate, can Uzma ever trust again, can she ever love again? It is in this that lays her ultimate test. Bhool is a sensitive portrayal of a woman's struggle to survive life's unexpected curve balls and the resilience of the human spirit.
2730 ::: Deadly Beauty (2008) ::: Never before has the true fury and power of the mighty Avalanche been captured on film. Long-time cinematographer for "Wild America," Steve Kroschel has literally risked his life to contrast the destructive chaos of the Avalanche with the geometric brilliance of the simple, yet truly spectacular, Snowflake.
2731 ::: "Woodie's World" (2003) ::: Woodie" is short for Heywood Hale Broun, esteemed sports columnist of the 1940s and 1950s. The late Broun spent 19 years televising the significant sports stories on CBS News. Bud Lamoreaux, Heywood's producer, has assembled an overwhelming set of Broun segments from 1966 to 1975 for this ESPN Classic series. We have taken all of these original features by Heywould Hale Broun and created Woodies World with his original Producer Bud Lamoreaux acting as the narrator. It ran on ESPN for 3 seasons from 2003 - 2005. This is how the show has done with Broun even though he had died in 2001.
2732 ::: Steypa (2007) ::: Emerging artists working in their hometown Reykjavík and abroad share with the viewers the diverse processes that spark a work of art. Threading a line between realism and performance, the film explores inspiration and creativity through an intimate two-year collaboration, providing an insight into a booming scene. Pouring Coke into empty Fanta bottles, Ásmundur asks himself "What is art?" suggesting that it is embedded in what an artist does. Accordingly, rather that focusing on the end product, the film deals with what the artist is up to before it comes to that. Gabríela kneads dough and smears on her face, Margrét is enchanted by gaskets in a rubber store, Huginn has his hair cut off and turned into a wig, Unnar rummages for plant cuttings in a home for the elderly, The Icelandic Love Corporation recreates Van Gogh's Starry Night in liquorice and Kartín builds a small model of a house only to throw it off a bigger one. What is behind this commotion? Has Iceland anything to do with it? Does it concern the rest of us?
2733 ::: Happy New Year's (2015) ::: On January 1st New Years Day. Many people like to celebrate and have fun but this New Years around thing's are much more grittier. Dedicated to his line of work JUNE HARBORS is resistant. Many describe him as self center once upon a time. Others will see different. Fearless, Powerful, Torture, psycho pathetic, Extremist and just plain empty. June wants to stop the life of celebration and contribute with pain. After his father JOHN was slaughtered and his mother DIANE was gutted, his long lost sister TIFFANY no where to be found and his new born brother JULIANN kidnapped from the stomach.
2734 ::: Journey to Sundance (2014) ::: Desperate filmmakers embark on a five-year journey to search for answers to the one true question in filmmaking; what is 'INDEPENDENT FILM' and when does it stop being independent and start being something else? They travel to the SUNDANCE FILM FESTIVAL to find the answers to their question. There has been great debate and arguments for nearly 20 years among and around Hollywood, centering on Independent Film. From Miramax and the Weinsteins to the Studios to the "little guys" to Sundance, the questions rage on. Who was responsible for the renaissance of non-studio movies? Has the Sundance Film Festival become too influenced by the Studios? How does the "little guy" who's made a movie break into what seems to be a closed system even for indie film? Enter a team of three neophyte filmmakers - Julian Starks, Jennifer Sorenson and Bill Jacobson - who embark on a five year roller coaster of a ride to find the answer to the two decades old debate: What is Independent Film? Against the backdrop of the Sundance Film Festival and the yearly pilgrimage of producers, directors, industry "suits" and Hollywood wannabes, these filmmakers and their cameras journey for the answers. They trek to the festival each January for five years, and in their search of the original question, each of them is forced to face the issues - and demons - that plague any indie film. Whether it's lack of money, lack of time, unexpected losses or disintegrating relationships, this grueling journey takes its toll on these three filmmakers, who ultimately refuse to give up on their quest. Passion? Obsession? Stupidity? Insanity? Are these the qualities that help define Independent Film? "Journey to Sundance" tackles these questions straight on, with humor, honesty, poignancy and resolve.
2735 ::: Notes from the Tilt-a-Whirl (2011) ::: An Idea Film. A Bookumentary. A cinematic treatment of a worldview. A poet live in concert. A motion picture sermon. VH1 Storytellers meets Planet Earth. In this unusual but fascinating film sequence, best-selling author N.D. Wilson gives an emotional and intellectual tour of life in this world and the final chapter that is death. Everything before and after and in between is a series of miracles - some of which are encouraging, others disturbing and uncomfortable.
2736 ::: Dang tap ha dik leun yan (2015) ::: Years ago, two best buddies, Chan and Choi, both fell for the same woman, Lee. Forty-five years later, Lee has tragically passed away, and the best friends live on, surrounded by a series of complicated romances, big business dealings, and family tragedies.
2737 ::: Prawdziwy koniec zimnej wojny (2011) ::: At the beginning of 1990s growing of NATO with the admission of Eastern European countries was called mission impossible. Documentary "The Real End of the Cold War" tells how mission impossible has been successfully completed.Great politics, interests of superpowers, lobbing, diplomatic games, hard work and strong faith are subjects of Jerzy Sladkowski's film. United by common goal and using the right moment, we made Polish dreams come true. Seen from the Polish perspective, those dreams were passed down from generation to generation. Globally, our accession to NATO meant political victory of the Treaty in the Cold War. Russian interlocutors admit it saying, the West turned out to be smarter than they thought.
2738 ::: "Juice Music" (2000) ::: Produced by Television Tonga, Juice Music is a weekly hour-long program for young people, featuring the latest music videos from the USA & the UK, segments/interviews relating to youth issues, as well as contests where home viewers compete for prizes.
2739 ::: Amuse Me (2013) ::: Captives find themselves at the mercy of a lunatic who dresses like a clown. He does not seem to be aware that his amusement is terrifying to the victims who are forced to participate in his games of degradation. As frightening as his lack of empathy may be, he has an even scarier personality when he gets angry.
2740 ::: Kutty Srank: The Sailor of Hearts (2009) ::: Kutty Srank is a short-tempered, lonely, but law-abiding boatman whose work leads him to travel the back waters of Kerala. One day, when the local police station discovers an unidentified body washed ashore, three women come forward claiming it to be the dead body of Kutty Srank. Each of the three women - a rich women aspiring to be a Buddhist nun, a convict, and a mute - all claim to be Kutty Srank's wife. Kutty Srank ultimately leaves behind a story of a man who convinced three very different women he was a committed and faithful husband while successfully keeping his other two lives a secret.
2741 ::: Zombie Hamlet (2012) ::: Desperate filmmaker Osric Taylor dreams of making his civil war Hamlet but when production funding dries up, he agrees to take southern matron Hester Beauchamps offer to fund the film if he throws some zombies in it to make their money back. But when Hester dies in mid shoot, Osric dresses up as Hester to cash the last check and awakens the suspicions of both the local police and ambitious local news reporter Shine Reynolds. Inspired by an actual incident.
2742 ::: The Making of 'Alien 3' (1992) ::: This made-for-TV documentary details the work that went into the production of Alien 3, David Fincher's 1992 continuation of the classic series about the battle between starship crewman Ripley and the killer alien species that just won't die. Science fiction fans are treated to a behind-the-scenes look at the making of this third installment of the Alien series, as well as to interviews with the director, cast members and special effects artists, who give their insights into the efforts that were needed to bring this project to completion.
2743 ::: Spoilers: The Movie (2014) ::: High School--the crossroads of American adolescence. Five teenagers intersect during a day of court-appointed community service. The empty summer halls of their high school are ground zero for conflict, camaraderie, and collective soul searching. At an age when discovering who you are can be difficult, and knowing who you aren't can be deceptive. The students: Jared was born to rebel, or was he raised to; Sara walks the fine line between woman- and childhood; Aisha walks the fine line between foolish and fearless; Peter finds out firsthand, words and actions have consequences; and Tristan, the young one, has already been branded a killer. These five lives collide, all before breakfast.
2744 ::: Bill Douglas: Intent on Getting the Image (2006) ::: In career spanning nearly 20 years, from 1972-1991, Scottish film-maker Bill Douglas only made 4 films - and three of those were shorts. And yet he was highly acclaimed, winning the Silver Bear at Venice for his first film, garnering praise from the likes of Lindsay Anderson, Francois Truffaut and Satyjit Ray, and picking up the Independent's 'film of the year award' for COMRADES in 1987. This documentary explores Bill Douglas's struggle from childhood poverty to acclaimed director. A remarkable man. A remarkable film-maker
2745 ::: The Age of Aquarium (2006) ::: A submarine introspection where the depth of the sea is not only the expanded unconscious maker of oneiric visions. It is rather a playful place made by audiovisual calambour and ballets. Between acid colored expressionism and hypnotic apparitions of abyssal creatures the question is: are we in or out the aquarium?
2746 ::: Tirza (2010) ::: Jörgen's world is crumbling. Forced into early retirement and harassed by his ex-wife, the only part of his life which makes sense - his beloved daughter Tirza - is shattered when she disappears on holiday in Namibia. After weeks of terrifying uncertainty, Jörgen goes searching for her, but the heat, his drinking and bad memories combine to unhinge him. His only ally is a child prostitute called Kaisa. Together they journey into the wilderness on Tirza's trail to discover her fate.
2747 ::: "This Is LA" (2017) ::: "This is LA" is Circle 8 Production's newest lifestyle television show that features the hottest new local businesses, restaurants, trends, products, and weekend getaways. The program will provide an inside look into the fast paced and ever changing landscape of Southern California, with an emphasis on what's trending in the area's lifestyle leader, Los Angeles.
2748 ::: Whipped Cream and Chocolat Chips (2003) ::: "To me, today's America is like whipped cream with many-coloured chocolate chips. On the one side, there's the whipped cream with its multicoloured chocolate chips symbolizing cosmopolitan America and on the other side, there's the whip, that is to say the American government." Ajala King, an American singer. This documentary film will guide you throughout the state of California which best embodies the American dream. There, you will meet people with unexpected dreams and ideals .
2749 ::: J Revolusi (2017) ::: Jay Zulkarnain is an assault leader for Malaysia's elite and deadly special force known as the UTK (Unit Tindakhas), and he and his squad of operatives are every terrorist's worst nightmare. However, a mysterious terrorist has framed Jay for the murder of one of his squad members, and has also captured his sister Dian, who is an undercover agent. To save her sister, Jay must race against time to unravel the secret and reason as to why this terrorist is trying to destroy him.
2750 ::: Super Hunts (1995) ::: Lions, leopard, cheetah, hyaena, wild dog and crocodile - extraordinary scenes of super predators hunting. The Super Predators was filmed over three years at Londolozi Game Reserve in South Africa and on Kenya's Masai Mara. It captures some of the most extraordinary scenes ever seen on film of these super predators hunting and killing. Dramatic slow-motion action replays allow the viewer the opportunity of observing all the subtleties of these magnificent hunters in action. The film includes a plea for the world's most notorious predator, man, to work in closer partnership with nature for our mutual benefit and survival.
2751 ::: White Knuckle: The Story of the Motorcycle Cannonball (2012) ::: Ride along with Hot Rod Builder and Award Winning Filmmaker Brian Darwas as he travels coast to coast on the ultimate antique motorcycle endurance run, "The Motorcycle Cannonball". Witness as these bikes are pushed past their limits! Get an upfront look at parking lot engine rebuilds! and watch as the top guys in the motorcycle industry machine parts in the back of their vans to keep their bikes on the road, and in the race!
2752 ::: A Window in London (1940) ::: While on his way to work one morning, a man looks at the window of the train and sees a young woman being murdered. When he investigates the crime, he discovers a foul-tempered illusionist, Zoltini, who has a turbulent relationship with his young wife, Vivienne.
2753 ::: The Last Train Home (????) ::: A young black insurance salesmen named Denzel finds himself on the wrong side of the tracks in a town which still bears the scars of racial hatred from years past. Complications arise when Denzel crosses paths with the leader of the Retribution clan, John, who hides a dark secret of hatred and vengeance; all the while John's childhood friend, turned Pastor, attempts to unravel the hate group from within.
2754 ::: Nona Hendryx: Album (1987) ::: Music special with Nona Hendryx, original member of Labelle, singing songs from her solo album 'Female Trouble' in 1987.
2755 ::: Foster: The Movie (????) ::: Software pioneer, neighborhood pharmacist, successful businessman, father, son, uncle, brother, voodoo high priest - who was Mark Steven Foster? Through recreations and interviews with family, friends, acquaintances, news reporters, detectives who investigated his death, the Attorney General, of Wisconsin and possibly even the man who fulfilled his death wish, this innovative documentary will tell the true story of Foster's bizarre life and even more bizarre death on a lonesome Wisconsin highway at the hand of his voodoo disciples.
2756 ::: Home Sweet Hell (2011) ::: A pianist on the rise struggles to finish his composition and decides to shut himself away in his old family house. He is soon disturbed from his work by weird occurrences - Distracting memories and the pressure of the approaching deadline take him to the brink of insanity.
2757 ::: Suththi (2015) ::: A young man is having fun in the streets of Kolkata, eating Panipuri and taking away the plates. He lives with his friend, and one day visits his relative uncle. He is credited for a reform his lookalike has brought in the rural areas: the toilet reform! While he realizes his (ir)responsibility, a company tries to sell its western toilet in the village. Our hero decides to bring the reform by protest and in a rather funny way than expected. Watch it to realize!
2758 ::: Thou Shalt Not: Sex, Sin and Censorship in Pre-Code Hollywood (2008) ::: Various film historians, film makers, and cultural commentators discuss the cultural, political, economic and religious reasons for what is known as the pre-code era of Hollywood movie making in the early 1930s, and those same factors which resulted in the drastic turn to working under the code for the twenty or so years starting in 1934. The "code" is the Hollywood Production Code of 1930 (also known as the Hays Code, so named for 'Will H. Hays' (qv), the first head of the Motion Picture Producers and Distributors of America), which was developed in order for movie making in Hollywood to run smoothly in the face of increased outside censors. The code was largely ignored until 1934, when its enforcement was overseen by 'Joseph I. Breen' (qv) who took over from Hays and who had a different agenda of moral purity. During those four years, pre-code Hollywood movies are characterized by their rawness and pushing the envelope of sexuality and moral ambiguity (with the depraved side often winning), which were not allowed under the code. What happened to the distribution of pre-code movies during the years that the code was enforced, the reasons for the slow breakdown of the code in the early to mid 1950s, and the reasons for renewed interest in pre-code movies later in the century are also discussed.
2759 ::: Bloom (2014/IV) ::: "A flower does not think of competing to the flower next to it. It just blooms." All women have struggled with the concept of beauty at some point in their lives. Growing up, we are taught that competition is healthy, that in order to succeed we must be better than those around us, but instead of aiming to be better than others we should strive to be better versions of ourselves. Women are all beautiful in their own way. Whether it is her fiercely strong attitude, carefree outlook, or strong sense of self, every girl has something about her that makes her unique - like a flower. Make your own definition of beauty and no one will be able to take it away from you.
2760 ::: "Tour Group" (2016) ::: This luxury travel docu-series follows a diverse and vibrant group of eleven travelers, each searching for the ultimate vacation, as they explore the most exotic and exclusive destinations around the globe. This wanderlust bunch will be led by three expert tour guides, Brandon Presser, Rachel Grant, and Sandhurst Miggins, as they check-off an out-of-this-world bucket list curated by the best in the business. Exciting activities in breathtaking locales include elephant rides in Thailand, mountain gorilla expeditions in Rwanda, and everything in between.
2761 ::: Jakarta (1988) ::: A CIA agent roams the streets of New York haunted by the death of the beautiful woman he fell in love with while on assignment in Jakarta. When he is kidnapped and drugged, the destination is Jakarta once again where he tries to unravel the mystery that is the city which broke him three years earlier.
2762 ::: Be Kind Rewind (2008) ::: In Passaic, NJ, Elroy Fletcher runs a video store in a condemned building he claims was the birthplace of Fats Waller. Fletcher goes on a Waller centennial trip, leaving his foster son Mike in charge of the store. Mike's peculiar friend Jerry tries to sabotage a power station and nearly electrocutes himself, getting magnetized in the process. He inadvertently erases every tape in the store. Mike and Jerry hatch an plan to hide the disaster by making a homemade "Ghostbusters" to rent to a woman whom Fletcher will be phoning to check on them. Soon, with help, their homemade versions of films develop a cult following. Will this new business save the store and the building? What about Fats? A small VHS only video store faces foreclosure in a poor community. While watching the store for the owner, a blundering employee's friend accidentally erases all of the tapes. In order to keep their blunder from becoming apparent, the duo of Mike and Jerry begin remaking the films themselves using homemade special effects and outdated filming techniques. In Passaic, New Jersey, Mr. Fletcher owns an old VHS Be Kind Rewind Video Store in a condemned building, where he works with his stepson Mike. Mr. Fletcher is proud of his building and claims that Thomas Wright "Fats" Waller was born there. However, the City Hall wants to relocate the store and demolish the building. Mr. Fletcher needs to travel and advises Mike to keep his dysfunctional friend Jerry out of the store. But Jerry develops a conspiracy theory against the machines and decides to sabotage the power plant. Jerry inadvertently has an accident and gets magnetized. When he visits Mike in the video store, he accidentally erases all the tapes. Meanwhile, Mr. Fletcher's friend Miss Falewicz comes to the video store to check over and rent "Ghostbusters". Mike and Jerry decide to hide the accident and remake the film.
2763 ::: Round en la Sombra (2007) ::: The small history of a dancer and a boxer separated by a mental wall. On a side the gymnasium and of the other the theater. A small opening in this wall - made with a tool called video- allows these beings and their disciplines to fuse creating a subtle game in which the dance and box breathe together.
2764 ::: Beyond My Control (????) ::: It is winter. A couple of young students go on vacation in Brittany, France. Thomas is American, doing an exchange program with a Parisian university; Stephanie is French. Staying in an isolated Côtes d'Armor estate, they share fleshly pleasures. Forming an Ť open couple ť, their cultural practices remain antagonistic: Thomas comes from a rather conservative family, while Stephanie is deeply influenced by the 70s' sexual revolution. Passionate about French philosophy, Thomas tries to write a book. On the advice of Stephanie, he takes little pills every day to help him stimulate his writing. He isolates himself in the small house on the adjoining property, but his mind is elsewhere; it's hard for him to tolerate Stéphanie's sexual mores. Madly in love, he nevertheless pretends to accept those to satisfy her lover, but Stéphanie's lifestyle makes him more and more jealous. There's a clash between two distinct love models: a Ť traditional ť model, which includes possession, intolerance and loyalty, and a Ť progressive ť model, which includes tolerance, permissiveness and even polygamy. Two different models dialectically embodied by Stephanie and Thomas.
2765 ::: Pater (2011) ::: Vincent Lindon and Alain Cavalier are pals. Like father and son. They sip port in bars dreaming of a film they might make. Together. Then just once in a while, they don suit and tie. Play men of power. See how much trouble they can make. For a laugh. They tell a tall story, that's part really personal, part, well - just plain tall...
2766 ::: Daak Ghar (????) ::: Set in the early 20th century rural Bengal , Daak Ghar tells the poignant story of a childless man who has adopted Amal, a young boy with an incurable illness. The boy, innocently oblivious of what the loss of life means, is caught in the flurry of life outside the window of his room.
2767 ::: "Persuasion" (2015) ::: Three marketing executives Jerrell, Shaun and Brett struggle to find balance between establishing their marketing firm, the women they love and their families. With the ultra competitive world and the expectations of a woman's role sisters Terry who is a aspiring writer and Renee who is a stylists go through their challenges as well. With these love triangles going on many other men and women they run across get caught in the middle.
2768 ::: The Campaigns of Napoleon: 1815 - Battle of Waterloo (2003) ::: This program tells the story of the final thunderous battle of the Napoleonic era featuring excerpts from major feature films, specially filmed authentic reconstruction and re-enactment footage, plus dramatized 'eye-witness' accounts of the battle. It provides a unique record of one of the turning points in world history. Narrated by Robert Powell. Featuring comment and analysis by Dr. David Chandler, former Head of War Studies at Sandhurst and author of 'The Campaigns of Napoleon'.
2769 ::: Andy Paris: Bubblegum King (2010) ::: This is the documentary of Andrew J. Paris, the first businessman to mass produce bubblegum after World War II. He became an overnight, international success and was dubbed "The Bubble Gum King of America" by Life Magazine in 1947...but his reign was short. Andy's fame took him to Hollywood, where he befriended rising stars like Natalie Wood and Marilyn Monroe. He made appearances on the most popular radio shows of the day, and his face appeared in newspapers all over the world. But Andy's business quickly fell under the scrutiny of the American government, with far reaching consequences for his fame and fortune. Immediately following World War II, many commodities were scarce or hard to find. One of these commodities happened to be bubblegum. There were few resources and no real infrastructure in place to manufacture this confection...that is, until Andrew J. "Andy" Paris came along. Paris, the son of successful Greek immigrant parents, trekked from Detroit, Michigan to McAllen, Texas, where he set up an import business. In 1946, after cornering the latex market from Mexican suppliers, Paris started manufacturing bubblegum. Paris Bubblegum became an overnight success, as kids all across the world eagerly chewed it up. Andy Paris quickly rose to celebrity status. Dubbed "The Bubblegum King Of America" by Life Magazine, Paris appeared on various radio shows and newsreels, served as a bubblegum blowing consultant on Miracle On 34th Street, and befriended rising stars like Natalie Wood and Marilyn Monroe. By the time Andy Paris passed away in 1997, however, Paris Bubblegum had largely faded from memory, replaced by more recognizable names such as Bazooka and Wrigley's. How did this happen? What became of Andy Paris? This documentary will uncover the truth behind this untold chapter of American history...
2770 ::: Heat: Return to the Scene of the Crime (2005) ::: Location manager Janice Polley and associate producer Gusmano Cesaretti helm this absorbing featurette in which they discuss the photography and locales Mann utilized in the film. The pair gushes over Mann's talent, but they also touch on plenty of topics that aren't explored elsewhere on the disc.
2771 ::: Richard Meier (1986) ::: At mid-career, Meier guides the viewer on a retrospective of his white buildings, from private houses of the 1960s to the Frankfurt and Atlanta Museums of the 1980s--all variations on his trademark spatial and planar treatment. His influences from Corbusier, Wright, Mies, and Baroque Germany are shown. Clients and colleagues offer opinions. At the end of the film Richard Meier stands on an empty hill in Brentwood (L.A.) speculating on the issues and controversies he will face in the design and realization of the Getty Center.
2772 ::: Down the Highway (2013) ::: Combining the raw power of American music and the thrill of the open road, Down the Highway is a new music interview web show hosted by musician and motorcyclist Ian Harrower. Riding city to city on a 1967 Triumph TR6C, Harrower drops in on such mainstays of American roots music as Social Distortion guitarist Jonny Wickersham; poet, artist, and X vocalist Exene Cervenka; and former Black Flag frontman / OFF! vocalist,Keith Morris. The palette of American music is rendered wide and includes jazz, punk, blues, country, and folk. Interviewees are not solely limited to musicians, but include influential guitar makers, studio engineers, and painters and photographers who are inspired by the rhythms of music made in the USA. Interviews present a complete picture of these musical legends and include windows into to the musical, historical, and artistic influences that shaped them. Viewers discover the artists' respective inspirations and gain an understanding of the significant social issues of the time as well as the subjects' take on current social, political, and musical climates. Show host Ian Harrower can't remember a time in his life without music; his father built custom instruments and hosted jam sessions in the family living room. At age 13, Harrower discovered punk rock and started playing live shows, later widening his musical education with country, bluegrass, blues, Cajun, soul, and early pop. A one-man rhythm section who's performed with various outfits as percussionist/bassist, he's also proficient with the dobro, up right Bass, autoharp, mandolin, banjo, accordion and trumpet. In his 20s he started writing music for film and television, and began cutting hair to pay the bills. People tell their barber everything; Down the Highway melds Harrower's gift of gab and lifelong love of all things musical, infused with the enticing lure of the open road.
2773 ::: The Sanatorium (2012) ::: Part 1 History of the founding of the hospital in the early 1900s. Part 2 Series of interviews with past patients and staff from the 1950s. Part 3 Archive footage about the closure of the hospital. Part 4 Life in Didworthy after hospital closure.
2774 ::: La vie est immense et pleine de dangers (1995) ::: Cédric is a child like millions of others. The only difference is that the little boy is seriously ill and must spend six months in a hospital. Fortunately, the medical staff are well aware that Cédric, like other kids named Steve or Dolores, must - above all else - live his child's life.
2775 ::: Flight 90: Disaster on the Potomac (1984) ::: Flight 90: Disaster on the Potomac is a true story based on the crash of Air Florida flight 90 on January 13, 1982 in Washington D.C. This movie follows the main players throughout the day, with a lot of care taken to re-create what actually went wrong, who died, and who survived. There is a lot of actual footage from the day, as well as accurate representations of aircraft type and airline.
2776 ::: Yue shi (1999) ::: A young newlywed has a chance encounter with an enigmatic minivan driver with a passion for photography. When the amateur photographer confesses to her a previous love affair with a woman who bears an uncanny resembalance to the newlywed, the young woman falls under the spell of this soft-spoken, unkempt, and seemingly hapless young man.
2777 ::: Vik za pomosht (1986) ::: 20-year-old Georgi was adopted as a child. The family falls apart though and he ends up in a youth detention center. When released, he comes to face people's selfishness and disregard, He begins to steal things. The investigator working on his case talks to his adopted parents, his girlfriend and friends. Hiding from the police, Georgi ends up in a small town at the Black sea coast. He falls in love with his friend's sister Yana. Yet again, he finds no sympathy and understanding. He steals again. The investigator wants to help him but Georgi has given up all hope. He wants to commit suicide. Yana is the last spark of hope to bring him back to life.
2778 ::: All Messed Up (2011) ::: In October 2010, over 30 Milwaukee and Madison musicians put their names in a hat and after a random drawing, nine new bands were formed. They now had two months to work together to write new songs for a 15 minute set to be performed that December. This documentary follows the events of that night.
2779 ::: Os Crimes de Diogo Alves (1909) ::: Diogo Alves is a Spanish fugitive that comes to the Portuguese capital terrorizing the inhabitants by his cut-throat methods against rich and poor people alike. He attacks the women launderers on the Lisbon Aqueduct and throws the bodies over the high wall, and assaults homes with his large band of criminals. Eventually arrested, he, his female companion and his henchmen are condemned to death by the court.
2780 ::: The Goatherd (2009) ::: Ilenka is Polish but she has lived almost all her life in the US. Now she has come to visit Chile with Wil, her American boyfriend, and to meet up with Ana, her childhood friend. Ana is the Chilean daughter of diplomats who spent part of her youth in the US, and now lives in Chile. The three have decided to hike up to the El Morado Glacier, high up in the Chilean Andes. An accident, however, obliges them to turn back in search of help. On the way, they find the isolated cabin of a goatherd. What seems like the solution to all their problems becomes the beginning of the worst nightmare of their lives. The sociopathic goatherd kidnaps them and makes them victim to his macabre games. In the silence and desolation of the high Andes, they confront the claustrophobic lock-up to which their captor submits them. Tied up and beaten, they struggle against terror, hunger, thirst, desperation, pain and the most brutal confinement they could ever have imagined. They tap into their profoundest survival instincts in an attempt to escape with their lives from the sinister goatherd who seems unaffected by the presence of his victims. The goatherd treats his victims like wild animals whose cries of agony and attempts to clarify their dark future go unheeded. Without a word, the sociopath goes about his routine caring for his goats amidst the imposing Andean landscapes while little by little we get a glimpse of tragic events full of guilt, pain, and insanity from his past.
2781 ::: "Green Eyes" (2017) ::: Green Eyes is an epic story of forbidden love, addiction, and faith, providing a rare glimpse into life in Jerusalem at the beginning of the 20th century, as residents lived under the rule of the Turkish empire around the outbreak of WW1, with events taking place in Egypt, Turkey, Iraq and Persia.
2782 ::: Evil Incorporated (????) ::: A typical day at the office... in Hell. Demons have jobs just like everyone else but the stakes are higher than the pay! Evil, Inc is where the demons spend their time between 'clients' while plotting their next evil deed-they have quotas to meet! Three stories that give us a glimpse into the work life of a demon. Water cooler stories to just plain bitching about their boss. At Evil, Inc work is truly Hell.
2783 ::: Jagko (1980) ::: Two ruined, old adversaries meet in a rehab center and reassess the conflict that dominated their lives since the Korean War. One man is a former cop and the other is a former communist guerrilla. The film flashes back to their tragic pasts to explain how they arrived where they are.
2784 ::: Afghan Muscles (2006) ::: The young men of Afghanistan have discovered the art of bodybuilding. In a country ravaged by war, these men still hold on to their dreams; dreams of muscle, honour and fame - absolute control of the body in a world of chaos. From the dusty ruins of Kabul to the skyline of Dubai we follow the bodybuilder Hamid's heroic struggle to gather food and proteins, hoping to win the championship and thereby create a better life for himself and his clan. But nothing goes as planned; Welcome to "Afghan Muscles" - a different and groundbreaking portrait of Afghanistan after 9/11.
2785 ::: Bses Slwl I: The Musical Journey (????) ::: This film is totally based on the Biography of the artist Bses Slwl I. It shows his struggle from a underground singer/rapper becoming a main stream rapper/singer. During the process there are cerain events which made his progress more delayed.
2786 ::: "Gosenzosama Banbanzai!" (1989) ::: Inumaru Yomota and his parents Kinekuni and Tamiko are an average family living a mundane but peaceful life in an apartment in Tokyo. One day, a beautiful girl named Maroko appears at their front door; she proclaims herself as Inumaru's granddaughter, having travelled through time from the future to meet her ancestors. Tamiko doesn't believe a word the girl says, but Inumaru and his father invite Maroko to stay with them. The Yomotas do their best to stay together as a family, but the complications of trying to keep history straight for Maroko's sake and having guardians of the timeline constantly after them all, take their toll on the family.
2787 ::: Chris Vos op weg naar Pychang (2018) ::: Director Jesse Bleekemolen will make a documentary about the nineteen-year-old snowboarder Chris Vos. Bleekemolen announced on Saturday that for this still untitled film he plans to follow the young sportsman in his preparations for the 2018 Paralympic Winter Games, to be held in the South Korean city of Pyeongchang. Vos, born in Haarlem, is partially paralysed due to a serious accident suffered when he was five years old. Although doctors predicted that the boy would be confined to a wheelchair for the rest of his life, he learned to walk with the aid of a so-called orthosis (a type of prosthetic device) on his leg. When Vos was seven, he started snowboarding. The sportsman gained national prominence in 2010 after taking part in the television programme Cappies Award presented by Lucille Werner. In this programme the presenter highlighted what physically disabled children can do instead of what they cannot do. Thanks to Cappies, Vos came into contact with snowboarder Bibian Mentel, who helped him to practice his hobby on a professional level. JOHAN CRUYFF In 2013 Vos became Junior World Champion, and one year later, at the age of fifteen, the Dutch snowboarder participated in the Paralympic Winter Games in Sochi as the youngest ever Dutch debutant. The teenager is also an ambassador for the Johan Cruyff Foundation and he has received a major award from his home town of Beemster. It is not yet clear where the documentary will be shown after the Paralympic Winter Games in 2018. Previous work by Bleekemolen (19) includes the film Fataal, which is about the consequences of mindless violence.
2788 ::: "Motorgirls" (2006) ::: Motorgirls get the distress call from the country hicks, Pauline gets jumpstarted, Flick and Miss Motorsport get some MX protection in Fashion Torque, Lou gets shorty with insurance in The Lowdowns and Bushy pops in for some mono action in Skid Skool. Plus a bit more.
2789 ::: Ice Men (2004) ::: For the first time since taking possession of the family cabin, Vaughn has invited his best friends up for a winter weekend of hunting and drinking. But the arrival of unexpected visitors turns a simple getaway into two days of life-changing turmoil.
2790 ::: SoulHood (2017) ::: In the year 2017, four young men with big dreams in Jacksonville, FL are searching for ways in which they can work together to make their dreams of producing movies become a reality. They begin their journey at a minimum wage job in which they all realized they wanted more in life. The four young men of the newly formed independent film crew, RICK, DJ, TONY and PAT all carry different special abilities, backgrounds, and personalities. Rick is the business manager, DJ is the film director, Tony is the writer, and Pat is the actor. After 2 years in the film business, they successfully emerge to the next level, creating some of the top indie films in the nation. Despite their success in the film world, they all have different struggles to face in which will test their business, faith, and most importantly, friendship. The struggles the team faces is a mixture of their past hunting them, as well as current issues. Pat had fell out with his older brother and only family member in the city, RJ due to an incident with the police in their past. Pat is having a hard time trusting RJ again. DJ is in a relationship with Tina, however his friends don't trust her motives and intentions. DJ is also repairing his relationship with his mother after their fight in the past. Tony is convinced that taking their projects to the movie industry and working together with their pending rival, LUKE HILLS would be a great idea as the rest of the crew disagrees. Tony is also struggling to let go of his ex fiancé from their break up years ago. Rick, being the business manager is stuck trying to keep the team together when things go wrong. The bigger the crew's film company becomes, the heavier the problems become. The whole crew is being tested and life begins to fall apart. As the team falls apart, they have to decide to continue to fight together, or allow their hard work and efforts to go in vain. During these tough times, a film contest with a grand cash prize emerges in Atlanta and the gentlemen must decide if they choose to fight for their chances at major success, or to lose it all in vain.
2791 ::: Broken (2013/VII) ::: Following his release from prison, after seven long years apart, Marrick and Helen are reunited and they reignite their relationship. Secrets surrounding Marrick's wrongful imprisonment are disclosed when Helen's father, Jerry, visits the house. However, when Marrick mysteriously collapses, Helen is left with more unanswered questions. Helen's world shatters around her when Marrick tells her he is dying of heart disease. Together they struggle for hope that he may yet survive.
2792 ::: "Making Madison" (2017) ::: Ever wanted to know how to earn heaps of money on YouTube? Well in this video Madison teaches you how to earn that #YouTubeMoney. Madison reveals all her tips and tricks. She discusses everything from how to earn money from brand deals, merch lines, brand lines and even book deals. She's very informative. And helpful.
2793 ::: "Hissatsu shikakenin" (1972) ::: "Shikakenin", they have a double life and live inconspicuously in Edo. Baian Fujieda is an acupuncturist. Sanai Nishimura is a masterless samurai. They believe that Otowaya-Han'emon who is a fixer said "Kill the target for the public good", work as assassin at the risk of their lives.
2794 ::: Big Enough (2004) ::: Jan Krawitz revisits the stars of her previous documentary Little People (1982) more than 20 years later. The film poignantly reveals the emotional and physical challenges faced by dwarfs as they attempt to live in an average-sized world.
2795 ::: "Byeoleul ssoda" (2002) ::: Film star Jeon Do-Yeon (Untold Scandal, Lovers in Prague) stars as So-Ra, a hot-tempered 29 year-old woman who has no job or academic pedigree. So-Ra's life changes when she meets Sung-Tae (Jo In-Sung, Spring Days, Something Happened in Bali), an illiterate orphan on an impossible quest to become a movie star. Sung-Tae impresses So-Ra's brother Ba-Dah (Park Sang-Myun, All In), a compassionate talent manager who is head over heals in love with the deceptively innocent Yae-Rin (Hong Eun-Hee, My Love Patzzi). Yae-Rin will do anything to advance her acting career, and the overly ambitious Do-Hun (Lee Seo-Jin, Damo, Phoenix) is there to help. YA Entertainment is proud to present this heart-warming and universally appealing 16-episode Korean TV drama that will have you wanting to Shoot for the Stars!
2796 ::: Chirodini Tumi Je Amar (2008) ::: Chirodini Tumi Je Amar tells the story of a rich, pampered young girl, Pallavi who falls in love with a motor mechanic, Krishna. Pallavi elopes with Krishna and soon they get married. Her uncle comes looking for her and promises to convince everyone of her marriage. Based on a tragic real life love story of Priyanka-Rizwanur angle, witnessing the pain of lovers in this Indian Bengali film.
2797 ::: "Tao Hua Yuan" (2017) ::: The drama adapted by the under 17 popular girl's comic, tells the story of ordinary girl Lan Wang and cool handsome boy Li Miao, they met in the modern campus, the campus seemingly calm but actually gathered fairy, dragon, fox and other races, intricate emotional entanglements was started.
2798 ::: Bone Cave (2011) ::: T Rad and Mike are two college slackers who devise a clever scheme to throw a gigantic rave to end all raves. With the help of a sexy, seductive Annora, they secure a remote cave for the ultimate party experience. Things appear to be going great until they realize that they have stumbled straight into the lair of a mysterious killer Bones Magee. With inspirational cues from horror classics like "Friday the 13th" and "Nightmare on Elm Street", Bone Cave' is a retro slasher film full of blood, guts, and amazing one liners.
2799 ::: No Plans for the Weekend (2009) ::: There are two Hollywoods: One brings laughter & entertainment to millions, the other is the site of endless toil in service of the industry. "No Plans for the Weekend" is the story of Bud, a lovable socially challenged newbie to Hollywood who, though out of his league in many ways, is driven to realize his dream of creating "tight" music videos. Working in the heart of L.A.'s music video industry Bud is in awe, not only by the glitz and glamor but also by the outrageous personalities he works for and with at Music Video Productions. At Music Video Productions, a.k.a. MVP, Bud is going to learn what it takes to succeed in La-La-Land.
2800 ::: The Pruitt-Igoe Myth (2011) ::: Destroyed in a dramatic and highly-publicized implosion, the Pruitt-Igoe public housing complex has become a widespread symbol of failure amongst architects, politicians and policy makers. The Pruitt-Igoe Myth explores the social, economic and legislative issues that led to the decline of conventional public housing in America, and the city centers in which they resided, while tracing the personal and poignant narratives of several of the project's residents. In the post-War years, the American city changed in ways that made it unrecognizable from a generation earlier, privileging some and leaving others in its wake. The next time the city changes, remember Pruitt-Igoe.
2801 ::: Coffee & Donuts (2000) ::: Two friends, Adam and Steve, struggle to get their morning radio program off of the small town air waves of Holliston and into the big time. Meanwhile, Adam struggles to get over a break up with his long-time girlfriend and back into the wonderful and horrifying world of dating.
2802 ::: Pete & Dud: The Lost Sketches (2010) ::: Between 1965 and 1970, Peter Cook and Dudley Moore wrote and starred in 22 episodes of 'Not Only...But Also...'. In the early 70s, the bulk of this material was wiped. In this programme, contemporary comedians re-create these 'lost' sketches from Peter and Dudley's original scripts.
2803 ::: Hello Goodbye (2007) ::: The film takes the viewer on a roller-coaster ride of emotions, evoking laughter and tears, hope and suffering alike. Melina is young and full of illusions. She has just fallen in love and eager to take charge of her own life. Although she and her father are united in a dear and loving friendship, he confronts her with an outrageous request one day. Father and daughter have to face their fears together and learn how much courage is required to let go of someone who is very dear. A daughter and her father: Melina is in the midst of life, Michael has decided to die. He is terminally ill and doesn't see any other way out. Melina is taken aback. She lost her mother when she was a little girl and the thought of being left behind all alone terrifies her. Frantically, she tries everything to change her father's mind. To no avail - he swallows the fatal poison. Melinda chokes on her solitude in the dark night. But then something marvelous happens. The unbearable reality gradually begins to mix with beautiful memories of her father. And Melinda is able to do something she wouldn't have thought possible - she can let go. She can say goodbye to her father and hello to life.
2804 ::: La notte dei diavoli (1972) ::: In this adaptation of Tolstoy's story the Wurdulak, a mentally ill patient known as Nicola (Gianni Garko) flashes back to horrifying experiences that he encountered while driving through the country. Upon damaging his car, Nicola sets out for help, only to meet a mysterious family that lives in total fear of someone or something. This evil force slowly penetrates the household and thrusts each of its members into a frenzy of absolute terror!
2805 ::: Hridaynath (2012) ::: Sawant is a respected teacher known as Tatya to everyone in his society his good deeds are such that even after retirement people come to take his advice.He is a loving husband and a supportive father his daughter Akshata is completing her education in the village as she couldn't make it to the city everything thing is going well until. Tatya suffers a massive heart attack which he can't sustain and heart transplant is the only way for survival.Tatya is transplanted with the heart of gangster Nawab Parkar and after the transplant Tatya is not the same he starts to live like Nawab Parkar and also speak his language and extort money from people.
2806 ::: Draga Irena! (1970) ::: Students Marko, Dragan, Misko and Cutko make a foursome living in the spirit of their high-school "gang". One day they meet Irena, a student of medicine, who subsequently has an affair with Marko. Relationships within the foursome begin to deteriorate.
2807 ::: "Nice Girls Crew" (2012) ::: Sophie (Lynn Chen), Leena (Sheetal Sheth), and Geraldine (Michelle Krusiec) have been true "frenemies" since elementary school. All grown up and finding themselves in the city of Los Angeles, the ladies seek refuge from their isolation in a book club where they never actually talk about the book. Their subjects of interest? Sex, cannibalism, drugs and just about everything else you'd expect in such good company.
2808 ::: Billionaire's Paradise: Inside Necker Island (2015) ::: Billionaire's Paradise: Inside Necker Island For the first time viewers are given an in-depth, behind-the-scenes look at one of the most exclusive holiday destinations in the world - Necker Island. This film is an intimate portrait of how the rich, powerful and famous holiday, and what it's like for the staff who serve them. It's an upstairs-downstairs world where nearly 100 staff cater to just 30 guests - where some have over a staggering Ł40,000 a night to experience the perfect island paradise. And while Necker is home to Sir Richard Branson and his family, it is also a serious commercial venture. Selling the Caribbean dream to the most demanding guests in the world is a daily pressure. Over the years, the island has welcomed everyone from Princess Diana and Nelson Mandela to Kate Moss and One Direction's Harry Styles. Many of the guests are annual regulars, with one New York property developer on her twenty-first visit. There's also a mixture of heirs and heiresses to fortunes, and a vast array of successful international entrepreneurs, many of whom use their holiday on Necker to do business with each other. Meeting the needs of these VIPs are the staff of British, European and local islanders. It may seem that they've landed the dream job working in paradise, however the realities of living in the middle of the Caribbean Sea bring a whole host of major challenges.
2809 ::: Tarik El Hob (2001) ::: This romantic-kitsch story goes from Paris to Marseille, from Amsterdam to Morocco via Jean Genet's grave in Larache, and on to Tangiers. The movie tells the story of an Algerian-French heterosexual young man beginning a sociology study of gay islamic homosexualities and discovering gay love with a young French steward.
2810 ::: The Night Seekers (2014) ::: It was that time again for the friends to reunite at their yearly reunion. They decided on a week-long trip and wanted to go somewhere a bit more secluded this time around. Astro Island was the location of choice. Upon their arrival, the people in the small town forewarned the group not to go beyond the sign on the west wing "Do Not Go Beyond Here". The group was told that no one has ever gone beyond the sign. As the day progressed, the curiosity level of some members of the group increased. After the five to three votes in favor of exploring beyond the forbidden zone, they all decided to take the risk. When they passed the forbidden zone, they didn't find one single soul in sight. Now, it became interesting to camp out in this zone to increase their adventure. What happened to some of the members in the group after their arrival into the forbidden zone remains a mystery till this day. Various scholars gave their testimony as to the events that took place at this forbidden zone. This is my version of the event. It was that time again for the friends to reunite at their yearly reunion. They decided on a week-long trip and wanted to go somewhere a bit more secluded this time around. Astro Island was the location of choice. Upon their arrival, the people in the small town forewarned the group not to go beyond the sign on the west wing "Do Not Go Beyond Here". The group was told that no one has ever gone beyond the sign. As the day progressed, the curiosity level of some members of the group increased. After the five to three votes in favor of exploring beyond the forbidden zone, they all decided to take the risk. When they passed the forbidden zone, they didn't find one single soul in sight. Now, it became interesting to camp out in this zone to increase their adventure. What happened to some of the members in the group after their arrival into the forbidden zone remains a mystery till this day. Various scholars gave their testimony as to the events that took place at this forbidden zone. This is my version of the event.
2811 ::: "Babye tsarstvo" (2012) ::: Oksana is a sleek young woman, a head of advertising agency. She is not married, and most of her time is spent at work, and to top it off she is in a relationship with a married man Ivan. He, too, is a head of an equally large advertising agency. Oksana is making a winning proposal for an advertising campaign of an English brand, and therefore is considering moving to London. She finds out that her 16-years old sister Allochka waits for a child after a chance meeting and she's too far along to have an abortion. Something has to be done to conceal Alla's pregnancy from her strict father. Allochka offers Oksana... to become kid's mother instead of her! Oksana faces a tough choice: her favorite job or sister's reputation. What will Oksana do?
2812 ::: Toccata for Toy Trains (1957) ::: An interesting look at the world of toy trains, shot from the perspective of the little world itself. Originally created for model train enthusiasts, this short film transcends it's intended audience to delight viewers of all ages and interests!
2813 ::: One Week of Life (1919) ::: Mrs. Sherwood hates her life with her husband, who is drinking increasingly as a result of his own unhappiness in the marriage. Mrs. Sherwood is in love with Le Roy Scott, who encounters a woman of astonishingly identical features to Mrs. Sherwood. He contrives to substitute the other woman, Marion Roche, in Mrs. Sherwood's place while he and Mrs. Sherwood escape for a tryst. But Marion is much more the wife that Sherwood dreamed of, and he falls in love "anew" with his "wife," and she with him. She determines to find some way to permanently replace the real Mrs. Sherwood.
2814 ::: "The Herculoids" (1967) ::: On the primitive planet of Amzot lives King Zandor and his family whose home is regularly beset by malevolent alien invasions. Fortunately, Zandor's family have the help of their friends, the Herculoids, a cadre of monsters who contribute with powerful abilities of their own. Between their might and Zandor's family's cunning and bravery, the enemies of Amzot don't have a chance.
2815 ::: Seaside Stories (2009) ::: Locky McNamara is 11 and has been flourishing since his mother, Anna, gave up the drink three years ago. When Anna's old boyfriend Mick gets out of prison on good behavior, she falls back into her old ways of daytime drinking while Locky runs wild in the streets with his mate Callo. Meanwhile, Anna's daughter, Sally, arrives home determined to tell Locky that she is really his mother, a move which sets the scene for a scabrous and vengeful series of events which have massive ramifications for all involved.
2816 ::: "Blue Skies Ahead" (1960) ::: An info-commercial style advertising campaign for Blue Car European coach tours show during 1960-1961 in fifteen minute segments on British television; screened from 26 December 1960 till 28 January 1961 (once a week for four weeks). The footage was shot like a family home movie, with the camera work done by Nicholas Parsons and Kenneth Fox.
2817 ::: Order of Battle: Winter War (2016) ::: On November 30th 1939, three months after the outbreak of World War 2, the Soviet Union declares war on the neutral nation of Finland. Under the pretext of seeking territorial changes to protect the city of Leningrad, the vast Red Army envisions a quick victory against the small and poorly equipped Finnish defence force. Outnumbered three to one and facing an enemy with an insurmountable superiority in tanks and aircraft, a great challenge lays ahead of the Finnish Army. But its brave and stubborn soldiers, fighting for their homes and families, put every intent to welcome the enemy to a freezing hell of ice and fire. This new expansion for Order of Battle: World War II includes the Winter War (1939-1940), the Continuation War (1941-1944) and the Lapland War (1944-1945). Players take control of the Finnish Army and, according to the shifting tides of war, allied troops from Germany or the Soviet Union.
2818 ::: Stanley's Mouth (2015) ::: Christian boy Stanley enters the gay scene, encountering new experiences and melancholy as he comes of age. The classic tale of a bird leaving the nest is expressed through textured and experimental imagery. The film is shot vertically in 9:16 aspect ratio and blurs the line between documentary and fiction. Stanley's Mouth is a contemporary piece of religious art that embraces love and sexual experience.
2819 ::: The Empty Man (2010) ::: A character driven story about two brothers. Michael Strum, a banker and family man, is made executor of his Mom's will. He is in charge of giving his younger brother David, an attempted suicide survivor and alcoholic, one thousand dollars a month from the estate. As David works out his demons to a clueless therapist, Michael keeps his demons below the surface. When Michael loses his job his calm demeanor slowly gives way to his true self.
2820 ::: A Simple Game of Catch (2012) ::: A young woman named Emily has just arrived in New York from Pittsburgh and has recently changed her name to Chazz. Jobless, she responds to an ad involving parrot-sitting for a Manhattanite going out of town, and must weather the emotional repercussions of the humiliating thing she decides to do while cooped up house-sitting, which precipitates in her eavesdropping on the neighbors, all the while having unreciprocated conversations with the parrot.
2821 ::: C'était pour vous Alfredo Torrisi (2009) ::: The freelance reporter Alfredo Torrisi is exploring a war zone with his assistant. When Alfredo is in front of his camera for his report , he steps on a mine and gets trapped on it. Alfredo asks to his assistant to go search help. When Alfredo is alone, he looks at the camera and realizes that it's shooting.
2822 ::: Napoleon: Life of an Outlaw (2016) ::: Mutah Beale, better known as Napoleon of Tupac Shakur's infamous rap group "The Outlawz" goes through an emotional roller coaster since birth. From witnessing his parents murder in front of him at the age of three, to reaching the attaining stardom with Tupac Shakur, and surviving shoot outs and more, Mutah goes through trails and tribulations that lead him to a life of spirituality.
2823 ::: Bosslady (2011) ::: BOSSLADY chronicles the emergence of the newest power players in the young Hollywood nightlife scene...the BOSSLADY VIP HOSTS! They've got attitude, sass, business savvy, and sex appeal. Their job is to book the hottest crowds and the most celebrity VIP tables! Their rolodex includes the "Who's Who" in the entertainment business, from the top celebs to the biggest professional athletes, these HOSTS dictate the success or failure of a Hollywood nightclub.
2824 ::: Octobre (1994) ::: In October 1970, one group from the Front de Liberation du Quebec kidnapped the British Consul in Montreal. Few days later, a second group did the same with one of the Minister of the Quebec Government. If the first was released, the second was murdered. This is the story of the second group from the stand point of the political kidnappers.
2825 ::: Bed and Breakfast (2000) ::: Chandler owns and runs one of the finest bed & breakfasts in town. What his guests do not realize, is that each room is secretly monitored by a hidden video camera. He delights in entering the very private worlds of those who pass through, and when the Glue family arrives, he uncovers their well kept secret. In this short dramatic film, which combines stop-motion animation with live-action, dark truths are brought to the surface, not only for the Glue family, but very unexpectedly, for Chandler himself.
2826 ::: Inward Joy (2017) ::: Eddie feels like everything in his life has spiraled out of control, with there being nothing left to live for - that is, until a sudden twist of fate seemingly turns his fortunes around, leaving Eddie on the cusp of apparent happiness; but then again.
2827 ::: Boner (2012) ::: Jimmy Boner, a 20-something slacker living with his parents, is given an ultimatum by his wicked stepmother to find a job and move out within 3 months after he accidentally walks in on her book club meeting wearing nothing but an iPod. Jimmy scrambles to find a job and lands an interview at a rundown, overworked accounting office where he meets Ivana, a recently-demoted corporate ice queen with whom Jimmy falls instantly in love. Through a miracle of fate, Jimmy gets the job despite having no marketable skills and puts his nose to the grindstone, working grueling hours and enduring Ivana's constant disappointment, in the hopes of impressing her and garnering her affections. Chaos, hilarity, and triumph ensue as Jimmy seeks to gain independence and find true love.
2828 ::: Travel Geek: Documentary Taiwan (2013) ::: Cyle O'Donnell, the Travel Geek, treks more than 5,000 miles of trains, cars motorbikes, planes and boats -- not to mention 20-or-so miles of hiking -- through Far East Asia's hidden gem. With filming spanning more than nine months, this trek covers everything from Chinese New Year in Tainan's fireworks battle to Changhua's legendary Lantern Festival; from windsurfing Penghu's gale-force winds to eating raw pigs with Lanyu's aboriginal natives; from high atop Taipei's tallest towers, to the hinterland of tribal Taroko Gorge, this ultimate travel documentary ignites the travel lust.
2829 ::: The Stoning of Soraya M. (2008) ::: A drama set in Iran and centered on a man, Sahebjam, whose car breaks down in a remote village and enters into a conversation with Zahra, who relays to him the story about her niece, Soraya, whose marriage had a tragic ending. After the fall of the last Shah and the end of monarchy, Iran is on the brink of a new era, since a wave of improvement paired with radical changes, sweeps the nation. Documenting the process of transformation, Freidoune Sahebjam, a journalist who lives in France, is rushing himself to get to the borders by nightfall, when suddenly, his car breaks down near a small village. In the middle of bargaining with Hashem, the local mechanic, a woman covered in a black chador, approaches the journalist with extreme caution and in a low voice, desperately asks for a meeting with him in the privacy of her house. The distressed woman is Zahra, the open-minded aunt of Soraya, who wants to disclose the tragic events that led to the cruel and inhumane punishment of her niece, on the night before. Reluctant but intrigued, Freidoune equipped with his tape recorder, visits Zahra and lets her unfold the unspeakable story of Soraya, who was married to Ali, a former military man, mother of four and wrongfully accused of adultery in a land where women don't matter. Between gossip and plotting, false accusations and the machinations of a whole village, Ali, with the support of the Mayor and the Mullah, finally muscled a unanimous verdict against a woman who in the eyes of her family, defiled Islam and the entire village. Will yesterday's tragic events, ever see the light of day?
2830 ::: Unnatural Disaster (2006) ::: Unnatural Disaster - Falling through the cracks after Katrina is the result of a New Orleans' native and public school teacher who desperately tries to help her former students and their families. In this post-Katrina world, Diana Boylston travels to document the adjustments and struggles of her students. The documentary includes real events as personal issues evolve for Katrina survivors. It also includes interviews and personal testimonies ranging from politicians, celebrities to eight-year olds. What begins as a way to help young people express their pain, turns into a personal journey and the realization that New Orleans is not okay.
2831 ::: Santa Maradona (2001) ::: Andrea, 27 year old, just graduated from University with a useless degree. He spends his days looking for a job and killing time talking endlessly with room-mate Bart and Indo-Italian friend Lucia. Everything changes when he meets Dolores, a beautiful teacher and actress.
2832 ::: Skylanders: SWAP Force (2013) ::: During the eruption ceremony something tragic happened. Kaos' mother aimed to destroy the volcano, but a team of Skylanders defended it. After that, the volcano erupted, sending these Skylanders to Earth. The volcano's eruption gave these Skylanders the ability to swap their tops and bottoms, transforming them into the Swap Force 100 years ago a devision of Skylanders (guarding the magic volcano Mount Cloudbreak) ran into some trouble when, during the eruption ceremony, Kaos' mom attacks. The Skylanders won the battle but ended up being caught in the magic eruption of Mount Cloudbreak. These Skylanders were hurled to Earth but the magic from the volcano also gave them the power to swap top and bottom halves. They now go by the Swap Force. But Kaos and his mom now (100 years later) threaten Mount Cloudbreak and it is up to the Swap Force to stop them.
2833 ::: Baeksu story (1997) ::: Dal-ho spends three years after graduating college living at his parents house with no job. His family treats him like a child but his girlfriend tries to convince him to stand on his own. Failing this, she dumps him. Dal-ho decides that he will do anything to get her back, even if it means getting a job.
2834 ::: Small Voices (2008) ::: Based on true events, Small Voices recounts the story of Alam, a Pakistani boy abducted by human traffickers, and his struggle to survive through years of captivity far from home. Smuggled across the sea to the Arab Emirates, Alam and his fellow captives, all aged between 5 and 12 years - from Pakistan, India, Bangladesh and the horn of Africa - are trained to race camels for the pleasure of the wealthy sheiks. Risking life and limb each time they ride, the boys have no choice but to follow the orders of their brutal trainers or face brutal punishment.
2835 ::: Burya na mladostta (1930) ::: Boris and Nina are in love. He is the son of a wealthy merchant, she - just an ordinary seamstress. Boris's Father opposes their love. The merchant works a plan of action that he carries out with the help of Nina's father. He is degenerate drunkard. For money, he stages an orgy with the participation of his own daughter. Boris takes what he sees at its face value and abandoned Nina in disgust. The bride chosen by the merchant for his son is a banker's daughter. He also takes part in the realization of his future father-in-law dishonest schemes. However, the girl is taken gravely ill. Repentant, she makes a deathbed confession revealing the truth to Boris. He realizes that Nina is innocent and returns to her for good.
2836 ::: The World's Greatest Stunts: A Tribute to Hollywood Stuntmen (1988) ::: A follow-up special to ABC's 1987 "The Ultimate Stuntman: A Tribute to Dar Robinson." The program includes clips of great stunts, interviews with celebrities, and profiles of legendary stuntpeople. All proceeds from the special are donated to the Dar Robinson Memorial Stunt Foundation.
2837 ::: Valley of the Islamic Dolls (2015) ::: Adnan Oktar is the most notorious cult leader in Turkey. The Muslim creationist introduced the world to his bizarre take on Islamic religion; he also credits himself with introducing his followers to feminism. Oktar refers to his cadre of devoted women as "kittens." At his behest, the "kittens" shirk hijabs and traditional dress. Instead, they wear designer outfits, apply heavy makeup, and undergo plastic surgery. They also happen to be wealthy socialites.Together, Oktar and his followers are ushering in what they call the new face of modern Islam. They even have their own TV network, A9, to broadcast their views and Oktar's televangelism is bolstered by the hundreds of books he has authored in an attempt to discredit evolution. But the cult leader also has an equally prolific history with the law.
2838 ::: Reversion (????/III) ::: After she is murdered, a white female detective goes covertly undercover by having her memories uploaded into the body of a black man in order to infiltrate the criminal syndicate responsible for her death. Meanwhile, another copy of her memories are uploaded into a new body, tasked with bringing down the very same syndicate.
2839 ::: Building Girl (2005) ::: Meet Colin Vesti, an aspiring writer working as a book publisher's gopher. Colin's life is jolted when his best friend Nick, and his dad/roommate arrange for a not-so-romantic dinner for four with Katie Evans, the gorgeous artist who has just moved in down the hall. Scheming tailors, a pompous art world celebrity, and a marriage-inclined Mr. Wrong populate this romantic comedy about young love in Manhattan.
2840 ::: Ayiti mon amour (2016) ::: A grieving young boy discovers he has a superpower. An old fisherman realizes the cure for his ailing wife can be found in the sea. A muse struggles to exit the story her author is penning. In Guetty Felin's magical neorealist tale, these three stories combine to create a poetic portrait of the island nation Haiti. Set five years after the devastating 2010 earthquake, Felin's film eschews the images that saturated screens after the disaster. While the pain of the destruction remains evident - in young Orphée's grief over the loss of his father, in the rubble of decimated buildings, in ghostly images that float beneath the ocean's surface - Felin refuses to tell a tale of victimhood. Instead, she places the island's narrative back in the hands of Haitians whose lives aren't reducible to headlines. And as her characters begin to heal, Felin suggests that the island will too. Felin taps into her past work in the documentary field, infusing the realities of modern-day Haiti with a lyrical touch. From its verité-style moments of Jaures the fisherman labouring by the beach to the theatrical scenes between muse Ama and her author, the film makes its fluid tonal shifts at a lulling, rhythmic pace. Shot on location with local actors and crew, Felin's film is an important addition to the body of work coming out of Haiti's burgeoning film scene. Ayiti Mon Amour doesn't just mark the emergence of a distinct new directorial voice; it's a key development in the evolution of a national cinema. A grieving teenager discovers he has a superpower. An old fisherman realizes the cure for his ailing wife can be found in the sea. A muse struggles to exit the story her author is penning. In Guetty Felin's magical neorealist tale, these three stories combine to create a poetic portrait of the island nation Haiti. Set five years after the devastating 2010 earthquake, Felin's film eschews the images that saturated screens after the disaster. While the pain of the destruction remains evident - in young Orphée's grief over the loss of his father, in the rubble of decimated buildings, in ghostly images that float beneath the ocean's surface - Felin refuses to tell a tale of victimhood. Instead, she places the island's narrative back in the hands of Haitians whose lives aren't reducible to headlines. And as her characters begin to heal, Felin suggests that the island will too. Felin taps into her past work in the documentary field, infusing the realities of modern-day Haiti with a lyrical touch. From its verité-style moments of Jaures the fisherman labouring by the beach to the theatrical scenes between muse Ama and her author, the film makes its fluid tonal shifts at a lulling, rhythmic pace. Shot on location with local actors and crew, Felin's film is an important addition to the body of work coming out of Haiti's burgeoning film scene. Ayiti Mon Amour doesn't just mark the emergence of a distinct new directorial voice; it's a key development in the evolution of a national cinema.
2841 ::: Frank (2006) ::: Desperation drags a man to start working for an assassin in this thriller. Rob is an all-American guy, but he loses his naiveté when he journeys to London to find his girlfriend. Just before she dumps him, he learns that she has been earning money in the British city by stripping. With empty pockets and a broken heart, Rob does the only thing he can: become an assistant to a hitman named Frank.
2842 ::: Aynehaye rooberoo (2011) ::: Rana has chosen a path in order to support her family, while Adineh (Eddie) has fled his home and city to escape his complicated situation as a transsexual man prevented from living as his true self by his family. They find themselves on the same journey and caused to know each other in a better way.
2843 ::: Iran: Hot Tea, Cool Conversations (2008) ::: Written by Mehdi Ghafourifar and Brenden Hamilton, this feature documentary "Iran: Hot Tea, Cool Conversations" is a revealing chronicle of an American college student's eye-opening journey to Iran. As a testament to Citizen Diplomacy, the film highlights unscripted interviews with a number of individuals the filmmaker encounters during this once in a lifetime adventure. The film unveils a society full of warmth and hospitality, with compassionate people who wish for peace and friendship with America.
2844 ::: Gli invincibili tre (1964) ::: (1964) Alan Steel, Lisa Gastoni, Mimmo Palmara, Rosalba Neri. Steel and his sword-wielding pals run head-on into the forces of a cruel tyrant. There's a bit more intentional comedy than usual in this sword and sandal opus. All the usual court intrigue comes into play as the bad guys are eventually subdued. If you like lots of sword fighting, this ones for you. Color, 16mm.
2845 ::: A Tribute to the Wizard of Oz (1999) ::: A tribute to the characters and makeup artists from the Wizard of Oz, as performed and created by some of the top makeup people in Hollywood. On September 12, 1998, a group of top makeup artists gathered in Studio City, CA, to pay tribute to Jack Dawn and his team from the seminal 1939 classic, The Wizard of Oz. In addition to appearances by makeup stalwart Rick Baker and feature film director Ron Underwood, the celebration was enhanced with an impromptu performance by "lollipop guild" Munchkin Jerry Maren, who was only 18 when he acted in the original Oz. Howard Smit, who was a Munchkin and Winkie Guard makeup artist on the film, spoke eloquently about Charlie Schram, a key makeup artist on Dawn's team, responsible for many makeups on the film, including the Cowardly Lion. Undoubtedly, the biggest treat of the tribute was the recreation of seven characters from the film, realized in stunning detail by a ?dream team? of artists led by makeup department head Bill Corso. In fact, Corso's friend and voice-over actor Jess Harnell initiated the tribute with his enthusiasm for a local stage performance as the Cowardly Lion earlier in the summer of 1998. Corso had created his costume and makeup for the stage performance, further enhanced for the tribute. Additionally, Corso oversaw the new fabrication of makeups for the Scarecrow, played by Ken DeShan, the Tin Man, Bob Stilwell, and Dorothy, Jeanne Castagnaro, with their makeup applied by Kenny Myers, Kevin Haney, and Deborah Patino, respectively. Matthew Mungle donated prosthetics for the Wicked Witch, Denise Moses, applied by Ve Neill, and for the Flying Monkey, Joe Griffo, applied by Richard Snell. Todd Tucker created a Winkie Guard on actor Rob Ashe, whose elaborate costume was built from scratch by Jennifer McManus. Myers' wife, Karen, provided the detailed wigs and hairpieces for all. Though the tribute was only performed once, Warner Bros. Pictures hired the five primary characters to appear at historic Mann?s Chinese Theater on Hollywood Boulevard for an appearance commemorating the 60th anniversary re-release of the film for a new generation of audiences. 3,000 people lined the street for a glimpse of the recreations, again created by Corso and five of his team, all of whom next worked on the feature film, "Dr. Seuss's How the Grinch Stole Christmas."
2846 ::: Shadowman (1988) ::: David (Hulce) is a Polish refugee seeking the help of a Dutch man (Krabbe) who helps get these poor souls to safety... for a price. When it's discovered that David has no money to buy his freedom, Theo tells him he can't stay and has to leave in the morning. But afraid for his life, David remains in the attic (where Theo has stashed him) and becomes a man in the shadows...
2847 ::: Silvester Countdown (1997) ::: A young Berlin couple travel to a friend's place for the celebration of Silvester and New Year's Eve. During that period, we witness today's juvenile sub-culture, especially the ways of keeping a partnership - or breaking it up in between.
2848 ::: Things Unseen (2015) ::: Nicole, like many other teenagers had her whole life ahead of her; college, friends, new romances. All of that drastically changed when she lost her mother at the ripe age of 12, leaving her father, Rick, to raise her on his own. Rick had demons of his own; the loss of his wife made it very difficult to give his daughter the kind of life she deserved. He began drinking and dating women carelessly, specifically one named Shelly, who clearly was just using him. Meanwhile, Nicole had tried desperately to attract the attention of the most popular guy on campus, Brad. She finally landed that date with Brad- feeling happier than she had been since her mother passed away. As if Nicole's life couldn't have spiraled more out of control, the fairy-tale night she had been dreaming of rapidly disintegrated when Brad tried to take advantage of her. The next day, the entire college campus was buzzing about how Nicole was "all over Brad," and her reputation took a turn for the worse. She felt isolated- with no one to turn to. Her friends denied her and her father was far too concerned with his relationship with Shelly to see that his own daughter was hurting. She tried extremely hard to focus on the happier times she shared with her mother. It came to the point where Nicole became overwhelmed by her pain and wanted to let it all go...
2849 ::: Two Mothers for Zachary (1996) ::: Based on the true custody battle in Richmond, Virginia, a grandmother sues her lesbian daughter for custody of her grandson on the grounds her daughter is immoral for living with another woman in a gay relationship. Valerie Bertinelli believes she has finally found happiness when she falls in love with Colleen Flynn after going through a divorce while having a child. But when her scheming mother (Vanessa Redgrave) applies for custody of the child behind Bertinelli's back, an affecting struggle ensues.
2850 ::: "Wikmani poisid" (1995) ::: The series "Wikman's Boys" is based in Estonia in the years 1937-1944. The action unfolds in 1937, when the boys are studying in the Wikman Private Gymnasium under the guidance of extraordinarily distinguished teachers. The insight into the final years of Wikman Private Gymnasium provides a good overview of Estonian life at that time.
2851 ::: Wanderers (2016) ::: Tuscany. Morning. Spacious house on the hill. This is a lovely peaceful place away from the civilization. There is a neat chapel near the house. Probably, that's how paradise looks like. The car pulls up near the house - a couple, Sofiya and Platon, and their six- year-old blond son are sitting there. The couple is in the middle of the crisis of their relationship. Sofiya is alone and humble, thinking about something. Her whole life is devoted to the upbringing of her son. Platon is the oncologist. He is busy with science. He is tender and passionless with his wife, wise and patient with his son. They have stayed in this villa more than once. They are friends with the owner of the house - a young wealthy Italian man, Michele. The owner says that another family might come to visit. Sofiya, dreaming, hears the noise of the car and the steps in the next room. In the morning, she is expecting new guests, but no one shows up the whole day, the door to the next room is closed. Sofiya is anxiously waiting. At night, she wakes up thirsty and goes down to the first floor for a glass of water. In the kitchen she meets a man, a new neighbour. His name is Mark. Both of them have feelings that cannot be fulfilled. They consciously try to resist the forbidden attraction and in this uncertain state of denial, passion and the impossibility of connection they wander together in search of answers to vital questions. Will this love be the happiness or the tragedy?
2852 ::: Das Glück meiner Schwester (1995) ::: A young photographer has fallen in love with his girlfriend's sister. Nobody knows quite what to do. A stylish variation on the problems of triolism made with striking stability of style and a great feeling for mise-en-scčne. The film provides an impressive mixture of stylised camera angles and realism, by filming taut and geometrically in simple interiors and existing locations. Her self-confidently designed, naturally acted everyday drama made German critics compare it with the greats from film history.
2853 ::: Adams Morgan: The Movie (2010) ::: Two pivotal days will impact the futures of three couples - one married, one just getting started, and one on the rocks - in this romantic comedy shot on location in Adams Morgan. Weaving together different story lines, ADAMS MORGAN: THE MOVIE brings to life the dynamism of Washington, DC through the various points of view of the men and women who live - and love - in Adams Morgan. Richard (Altorro Black), a hardworking father and husband, is bored. He's lost his mojo at his job, but is realizing it's part of a larger problem. His wife Shelby (Jenlene Nowak), emotionally and physically unfulfilled, wants nothing more than to renew their spark, but neither knows how or where to begin. Lance (Shaz Khan), a charming bartender, and Tonya (Blair Bowers), an ambitious career-girl, are young, beautiful, but full of problems. After nine months of dating, the feeling that they are on two distinct paths might force them to separate once and for all. Audrey (Sarah Taurchini), vulnerable from a recent break-up, meets John (Noah Baron), good-hearted but uncertain, at a Halloween party, where things progress quickly. It seems like a match made in heaven - until Audrey's former flame resurfaces, threatening the two from taking off. ADAMS MORGAN: THE MOVIE takes an insightful, witty and honest look at the issues facing couples at various points in their relationships, against the unique and dynamic backdrop of one of DC's most diverse and vibrant neighborhoods.
2854 ::: Dholki (2015) ::: Lala is a lazy village lad while searching for his certificate he finds and old Dholki and starts playing the instrument like a maestro.Lala gets a job as a peon at the village school but due to his past cant sustain the job for more than a day, his new passion of Dholki surprises the villagers but makes his mother worried as his father had gone missing due to this passion and the village Sarpanch and Patil were involved in it.
2855 ::: Flower Shop Mystery: Snipped in the Bud (2016) ::: Abby Knight is a beautiful ex-attorney and proprietor of Bloomers, a quaint Illinois flower shop. When she receives a mysterious order for black roses to be delivered to the law department of the local university, Abby, having a colorful history with the school and a daughter who is currently a student, decides to deliver the flowers herself. Upon her arrival, Abby crosses paths with an old law school rival, only to find him murdered in his office shortly after their encounter. When Abby's fingerprints are found on the murder weapon, she becomes the chief suspect in a dramatic homicide investigation, finding herself hounded by a hard-boiled detective and pursued by a relentless reporter. When things heat up and start looking bad for Abby, she decides to conduct her own murder investigation, enlisting the support of Marco, a handsome bar owner and ex- private investigator. With Marco's help, Abby gathers and interrogates a list of suspects, including school faculty and their wives and lovers, each having a plausible motive for committing the grisly crime. With a killer on the loose - and a budding romance with Marco beginning to sizzle - the flower shop owner-turned-sleuth struggles to solve the case and prove her innocence, before it's too late.
2856 ::: Rosa Kele (2008) ::: Suriyabandara is a wealthy businessman descended from a high class up country background. He is a widower and lives with his mother Sybil and son Akalanka. In memory of his late wife he starts an orphanage and it is run by Theresha, a strict disciplinarian in her middle age. She thinks that discipline could be instilled in children only through punishment. Percy, the shrewd accountant in the orphanage, misuses and extorts money. The administration of these two have negative influence on the children and the discipline in the orphanage is badly affected. Suriyabandara who realizes the ongoing changes decides to stop the orphanage. But Akalanka and his grandmother think the orphanage has to be continued somehow at least as a respect to Akalanka's dead mother. And they decide to recruit a new mistress and called for interviews. One qualification is that the applicant should be over 30 years of age. A large number of prospective candidates who are in their middle ages come for the interview conducted by Suriyabandara and Theresa and Percy themselves. However there is a young applicant too. Nimsara a beautiful girl too has applied for the post. But initially her application is rejected by Theresa as she had mentioned her age as 31 in her bio data. Theresa concludes that it was a silly mistake and Nimsara is not experienced enough to be awarded the vacancy. But Nimsara manages to get the job and she proves that Theresa is wrong and that children could be transformed not by the cane them but by love and affection. Sanjaya Nirmal who had directed a number of tele dramas including 'Nonimi Yathra' and 'Rosaliya' entered cinema with 'Samara', a story about a sick child and her mother.
2857 ::: The Winter Butterfly (????) ::: The Winter Butterfly is a story about passion and love, depicting Matsunaga a samurai, as a corrupt oppressor rather than a hero. With the emergence of a new system during the Meiji period, many things changed in Japan for the sake of progress. The story told in four parts is related to the seasons of the year, which can be scorching, amenable, cold or unpredictable. All evoked by Stephen Warbeck's beautiful and sensitive score.
2858 ::: Hitman (2014) ::: Rana and Shuvo, two siblings, are very different from each other. Their father was a police constable and after his death, Shuvo assumes the same duty. Due to his lack of bravery, Shuvo finds it difficult to fight crime. It is in these times that Rana, who is not a cop, steps up and assists his elder brother. As Shuvo wins many of his brother's battles with crime, the accolades are showered onto Shuvo to an extent that he is promoted as the Superintendent of Police. The turning point in the story arises when Shuvo is caught off guard and brutally thrashed. It now becomes imperative for Rana to build his brothers courage to face his fears and overcome them. This point onward we see Shuvo stand tall and brave and how, he along with Rana, tackles the villains who are out to hunt them down.
2859 ::: Zielen van Napels (2005) ::: The incomparable splendor of Naples, situated in the shadow of a volcano and by the blue sea of an enormous bay, inspired Johann Wolfgang von Goethe to the famous statement: "See Naples and die". But Naples also has a more complex side. Behind the splendor and pomp that dates from the time when Naples still had great political and social influence, one can also find poverty and adversity. The film director Vincent Monnikendam ends in the backstreets and steep alleyways where sunlight barely penetrates, where dark drama and frivolity keep the age-old city in their grip. The central feature of the film is the painting The Seven Acts of Mercy by Caravaggio, the master of the clair-obscur. This altar piece was painted in 1607, commissioned by the noble founders of the Pio Monte della Misericordia, a charitable institution that is still active. Myths about this painting, the history of the Pio Monte, the joy and sorrow of Neapolitans, alternate and combine to form a colourful portrait. With a leading role for the city of Naples itself. Among the important characters in Souls of Naples are Pietro Gargano, editor-in-chief of the newspaper Il Mattino and a connoisseur of urban history, and Gian Paolo Leonetti, former chairman of the Pio Monte della Misericordia and a descendant of a noble family. The baroque interior of the villa where we meet contrasts with the sober entourage of the inner city. This is where the transsexual Gianni earns a meagre income by selling lottery tickets and Pina tells us about her difficult existence while she sews trendy handbags in a small factory located in an old cellar. The Russian painter Natalia Tsarkova tries to communicate in her own work the essence of clair-obscur in the paintings by Caravaggio whom she so admires. According to her, the special lighting effects with powerful contrasts so characteristic of his work are the symbol of survival, for good and evil, for life and death. In a style inspired by these characteristic light-dark contrasts Souls of Naples provides an inspiring portrait of a city that has survived for two and half thousand years.
2860 ::: San feng zhen wu lin (1968) ::: After bandits kill a former sheriff and his wife, a servant carries their three daughters to safety, but they grow up apart. Fifteen years later, each girl sets out to seek revenge. Eldest sister Xiufeng disguises herself as a man, performing acts of chivalry as she seeks out the bandits. Along the way, she runs across her sisters, Qingfeng and Zhifeng.
2861 ::: Land of Thorns: Struggling for Survival in Karamoja (2008) ::: The film highlights several of the manifold dimensions of the 30-years long development crisis in Karamoja (North-East Uganda) and of the responses to challenges in the region. The film depicts some turns of life in Karamoja through the portrays of three Karamojan women who have been facing various challenges with great personal strength, and reveals the interconnectedness of the different mechanisms of unsustainable development in Karamoja, opening up a search process for sustainable futures. Land of Thorns presents the richness and beauty of traditional pastoralist lives and cultures in the north east of Uganda and bordering Kenya.
2862 ::: Vaudevillains (????) ::: Vaudevillians is a sharp, darkly comic look at the lives of two dysfunctional sociopaths, who just want to 'fit in' with society, to become good neighbors and help out in the local charity sale. It looks at them, and the path of total destruction they leave in their wake.
2863 ::: Creature Watch Sampler (2008) ::: If you enjoy the best in wildlife adventure with exotic beasts, such as menacing alligators and camouflaged creatures that blend in so well they disappear into their surroundings, then Creature Watch is the perfect film for you. Join the Saurian Sisters and the team of Bio-Patrol as they trudge through the Florida swamps, visit with reptile breeders, and attend the Mega Reptile Convention where all sorts of creatures who slither, crawl, and leap are gathered under a single roof. You'll see creatures so colorful that they rival the plumage of birds and others that will make your head spin from their unique traits. You may even see some that will leave your eyes in awe. If you enjoy the best in wildlife adventures with exotic beasts-like alligators, snakes, frogs, fish, turtles. lizards and more-the CREATURE WATCH is for you. Come along with the Bio-Patrol and the Saurian Sisters, Andrea and Kaye as they trudge through the Florida and Carolina swamps, visit with reptile breeders and attend Reptile Conventions where all sorts of creatures who slither and crawl are gathered under a single roof.
2864 ::: The Rubicon (2013) ::: Jasmine is a hardworking epitome of a responsible decent girl. Emotionally attached to the memories of her late Father, Richard to whom she made a deathbed promise. She soon comes under pressure to break her vow to her Father, torn between her personal desires and keeping her vows...she is forced to face her Rubicon
2865 ::: Looking for Romeo (2008) ::: Looking for Romeo explores the phenomenon of child abuse and prostitution by telling the stories of hustlers and their clients. From Nice to Prague and New York, from Montreal to Los Angeles and Paris, young escorts and "johns" share their experiences in a series of candid interviews. Challenging stereotypes and common beliefs, they tell shocking stories of love and hate, control and abuse, despair and hope. Without providing simple answers, the film invites the viewer to ponder human condition through the lives of its characters. Stefan is an 18 year old hustler from Prague who lives with his mother and travels around Europe meeting 5-6 clients a day. Phil is a middle aged man from Los Angeles who went through a painful divorce and began a relationship with a young male escort. Larry is a successful businessman from Los Angeles who has been both an escort and a client. The characters and locations differ, but the stories have many common motives. What drives these men to prostitution? Is it despair or hunger for money, solitude or low self-esteem, traumatic past or cold calculation? What do these characters think about themselves and their lives? How do they justify their actions, and how do they see their future? The first part of the film examines the lives of escorts as seen through their own eyes. The viewer learns about some shocking "secrets of the trade," the violence, fear and abuse that these young men endure while doing their "job." In the second part the viewer looks at the flip side of the coin. This time the story is told by those who pay these young men for their services. For some, it's the only way to get the affection and companionship they are deprived of in their lives, to escape from solitude and insecurity. Some have had devastating romantic experiences in the past and have never healed; some are just looking for instant gratification and "fun." We hear the particularly emotional stories of Richard (a "client") and Stefan (a "hustler") who were nearly driven to suicide by those who mattered most, and who did devastating and lasting damage. We hear about those who tried to help Matthew and Scott get out of hustling, with limited success. The characters discuss love and relationships and talk about their plans for the future. For some it involves having a family and children, some seem content with the status quo. The film ends on a compassionate note, with some final words from the characters asking for viewer's empathy, rather than a rush to judgment.
2866 ::: Man of Two Worlds (1934) ::: A British explorer in the Arctic hires a local Eskimo as an assistant. The earnest but unsophisticated young man happens to see a photograph of the explorer's beautiful daughter and falls in love with her. Soon afterwards a medical emergency results in his being flown to London for treatment, where he finally meets the girl he has longed for.
2867 ::: Dag och natt (2004) ::: DAY AND NIGHT is about people that love and want to be loved. It's the story of a father, his young son, his unfaithful wife, her secret lover, his young mistress, his lonely sister, his forgetful mother, a fanatic football coach, a pregnant whore and an angel disguised as an old man. They are all looking for the answer to the same question: "If love is the answer - what is the question?"
2868 ::: Thorn, Private Investigator (2018) ::: Developing my concept of this most unusual private eye based in New Orleans brought into play some very unusual associates who are trying to take a serious bite out of crime world-wide. They take on drug trafficking, sex and child trafficking and more in a dangerous world. Thorn 1 and 2 developing into a series. Deerwalker a Shaman, "I Am the One" mysterious figure, a psychic, a blind woman who sees beyond what others see, and much more in memorable characters aid Thorn. Six episodes are written for the Thorn series. It has been decided a major feature film 2017 will proceed this series. The film will soon be announced with the series. Human trafficking, adults and children will be one of several powerful issues within the film and series. A new Asian female martial arts expert, knife and sword expert has been added to the numerous very unusual characters who follow Thorn. We have added some strong political issues to the film and the series on this most unusual private eye and his amazing team! We will likely announce the film and series very soon. Thorn will be investigating very timely issues besides the trafficking, drugs, and corrupt political figures. Since we have added two new episodes for the developing series, we also added a third film script. As noted, our THORN will be a major film release followed by one or two other films; then go to series. We have continued to add timely issues to this out of the box Vampire film. Thorn and his team are like no other and here, also, we added two new characters. We will ANNOUNCE soon.
2869 ::: Congratulations on Your Impending Geography (2005) ::: In the summer of 2003, punk rock band Mara'akate headed east from Indiana, playing shows through to New York and then on to a five week European tour spanning twelve countries. This DVD captures the band on that tour both candidly and professionally. Through the feature, hilarious audio commentary, and its substantial extras, the experience is related to the viewer in total. A fun, engaging, and thorough look at a pivotal experience both collectively and individually for Mara'akate.
2870 ::: The Lost Elephants of Timbuktu (2001) ::: One-hundred strong, the herd slowly makes its way through the shifting sands, following the promise of ephemeral desert rains. This is the remarkable, precarious, and untold story of a lost herd of elephants that live near the fabled city of Timbuktu. How the elephants survive in this seemingly barren, desolate landscape is a mystery. It is one however that Anne Orlando, a biologist from the University of California, hopes to unravel. For the first time she will track the elephants to uncharted lands and reveal the relationship they have with Tuareg nomads - a relationship which can be both respectful, and bloody. The lost elephants of Timbuktu are completely isolated from other African elephants - they were cut off from each other as the Sahara turned to desert centuries ago. They have survived in this unlikely setting by having a mental map of scattered temporary lakes and marshes. This is the Sahel in the West African state of Mali - one of the most arid places on earth and becoming more so. As drought has intensified over time, the elephants' wanderings between these vital watering holes have stretched into a remarkable yearly migration of seven hundred miles. The Sahel is changing fast - the climate is becoming drier and many Tuareg people are abandoning their herds and establishing sedentary homes around the traditional waterholes of the elephants. This, unfortunately, can only lead to conflict. THE LOST ELEPHANTS OF TIMBUKTU will be an unforgettable adventure into a lost world.
2871 ::: "A Hot Mess" (2015) ::: A Hot Mess follows the life of self absorbed attorney Robert Stevens as he navigates personal turmoil and manages his law office. His unlucky in love secretary Jess, is a tough New York girl, that is the real boss of the office keeping him in line. The office environment is pure chaos, with Robert's ex-wife, Michele, coming and going, his teenage son, Warren, working there part-time, law school intern, Edward, trying to learn from the worst mentor of all time, his one night stand, Catherine, fast becoming his perennial nemesis and his new love interest, Cassie, hates him. It's sure to be a fun ride.
2872 ::: "Leah Monti's GET DOWN" (2017) ::: Leah Monti's GET DOWN is a one-hour Futuristic reality based show that is a Youth-Reality Talk, Fashion and Dance Show with Celebrity Musical Guests performances, along with mini interviews and presentations of Fashion and Art from all over the World. Also Highlighting Leah Monti's seven attractive and inspirational Dance/Interns who are hungry for fame, while enduring all the trials and tribulations that come with being in front of the camera. With the high drama of the cast voting each week for the upcoming episode's to be Head Choreographer , the action is intense as we see what each of these interns will do to succeed.
2873 ::: "Kamagata Maru" (2018) ::: Gurdit Singh Sandhu, from Sarhali Haripur Khalsa a 1906 Indo-Canadian immigration pioneer), was a Singaporean fisherman who was aware that Canadian exclusion laws were preventing Punjabis from immigrating there. He wanted to circumvent these laws by hiring a boat to sail from Calcutta to Vancouver. His aim was to help his compatriots whose previous journeys to Canada had been blocked. Though Gurdit Singh was apparently aware of regulations when he chartered the ship Komagata Maru in January 1914, he continued with his enterprise to challenge the continuous journey regulation in the hopes of opening the door for immigration from India to Canada. At the same time, in January 1914, he publicly espoused the Ghadarite cause while in Hong Kong. The Ghadar Party was an organization founded by Indian residents of the United States and Canada in June 1913 with the aim of liberating India from British rule. It was also known as the Hindi Association of the Pacific Coast. Passengers The passengers consisted of 340 Sikhs, 24 Muslims, and 12 Hindus, all British subjects. One of the Sikh passengers, Jagat Singh Thind, was the youngest brother of Bhagat Singh Thind, an Indian-American Sikh writer and lecturer on "spiritual science" who was involved in an important legal battle over the rights of Indians to obtain U.S. citizenship (United States v. Bhagat Singh Thind).
2874 ::: Main Man (2015) ::: Mac Goldsmith is an independent manager who made a buzz in the music industry by turning his ex band mate into a commercially successful musician. While settling into a new partnership with the music venues owner, his artist, Devin, threatens to commit suicide off the venues roof. With a short amount of time left before the show starts, Macs worst nightmare is confirmed when Devin requests to be let go of the contract or he'll jump.
2875 ::: The Dogs' Fighter (2013) ::: MMA Fighter Gordon Shell is heading into the ring one last time despite a career ending heart condition. Defying his doctor's orders Gordon will enter the cage to fight for something he believes in; the rescuing of abandoned and abused dogs used in dog fighting. Gordon trains, fights and saves dogs which has garnered him the nickname "The Dog Fighter". We follow him from the gym, to the streets and into the ring where he will fight so they don't have to. This is his story.
2876 ::: Bloodthirsty & Dangerous (????) ::: Aeons before there was Dracula, there were the Hemavores. A secret immortal bloodthirsty humanoid race that walks among us. This is the story of one of them, Braint Omona Jones, who must fight an ancient enemy to protect the innocent. "We are NOT the Undead. We ARE the Undying."
2877 ::: Say Hot (2017) ::: This comedy revolves around a nerdy expert's jumpy life which is poorly trapped in a dilemma and craze between things hot and cold, high and low in the time of global warming, mingled with romance, politics, crimes and...animation, too, all in a way stupidly smart, impossibly true.
2878 ::: Cyber Sex, Love and Marriage (2014) ::: As more and more people turn to the Internet in their search for love, new research suggests that online daters are more likely to end up in happy relationships than those who meet in more traditional ways. However, it isn't just the usual dating sites that are enabling happy ever afters, many couples meet while playing online games and being represented by an avatar. In this heart-warming and eye-opening documentary, couples who met in a virtual world, in games such as World of Warcraft and Second Life, tell their digital fairy-tales. They discuss the expectations they had before meeting and how their real selves compared to their avatars. A couple who have yet to meet in real life also tell their story in this look at love and relationships in the 21st century.
2879 ::: "The Hunter's Moon" (2012) ::: A new series by Terminal 52 Films. A prequel in The Hunter's Saga. It tells the story of Jacob Chapel Sr and Victoria Rayne, parents to Jospeh and Jacob Chapel. Jacob Chapel Sr. one of the founder of the 8 Sides of the Black Lotus. Victoria Chapel one of the high ranking hunters of The Society. See how they love grew, how they helped shaped the Society, how Jade roses to power and how the 8 Sides of the Black Lotus came into power. Plus see many back stories on varies characters in the Hunter's Saga and how some characters meet each other sooner than you think.
2880 ::: Radopolje (1963) ::: German retaliation expedition burned down the village of Radopolje and killed all the men. When first men appear in the village after the war, Kata Plecas believes they will renew the village. But these men die as well and the question if Radopolje will be the "village of black scarves" again remains.
2881 ::: "An Ocean Apart" (1988) ::: The Americans were dragged reluctantly into the First World War, of their nightmarish journey across the Atlantic, their welcome in Liverpool and their disillusion when the war was over. For President Woodrow Wilson, victory had turned sour, but America had started its journey towards world leadership.
2882 ::: Gabriellas Rache (1994) ::: Gabriella helplessly has to watch her beloved husband suffer an heart attack after an argument with his three companions - and die. She decides to take revenge for his death. She hires the sleazy private eye Leon Vestner to help her ruin them.
2883 ::: Marathain (1979) ::: Shot in Ireland, the story concerns political, spiritual, and poetic aspects of survival. Weaving together footage, interviews, and wildly unpredictable monologues, the result is an impressionistic portrait of the Irish psyche. In Irish, "Marathain" means "survival".
2884 ::: The Missing Links (1916) ::: A man maliciously causes a bank he runs to go out of business and. When he turns up murdered, two brothers (Robert Harron and Elmer Clifton) believe each other to be the perpetrator. A pair of handcuffs are the primary clue to the killer's true identity.
2885 ::: Dance Upon the Mountain (????) ::: The extraordinary true adventure of Yehuda Lev who, as a young Jewish-American soldier, lead Holocaust survivors on illegal passages out of Europe to escape continued persecution following their liberation from Hitler's death camps after World War II.
2886 ::: The Average Girl's Guide to Suicide (????) ::: After a failed suicide attempt, a young woman joins a group of suicide survivors in a hospital psychiatric unit. The group's aim is to help each other successfully complete suicide, but a budding romance makes her wonder if she wants to live a bit more before she dies.
2887 ::: Roma ore 11 (1952) ::: Based on an actual incident, this is the story of five girls (told in a slow beginning) who are among the 200 women who answer a want ad for a modest secretarial position one rainy morning in Rome in 1951. They crowd and push their way into the old building and fight their way up the stairs to await an interview, only to be told there is not enough time to interview all. A scuffle breaks out and the stairway collapses sending many of them hurtling down in a mass of bodies amid brick and mortar. Among them are the well-born wife of a poor artist;, a streetwalker making an attempt to change her life; an unhappy servant girl; and the desperate wife of an unemployed factory worker. How the event changes or fails to change their lives is told.
2888 ::: Dead Funny (1994) ::: Viv returns to her apartment and finds her boyfriend Reggie murdered in the kitchen. At first, she suspects this is another one of his elaborate practical jokes. During a harrowing series of visits by friends and acquaintances, Viv experiences flashback after flashback, leading her to piece together exactly what happened.
2889 ::: Kissaa Kursee Kaa (1978) ::: Elections are soon to be held in Jan Gan, and the two main rivals are Bhikharimal and Garibdas, who are contesting under their symbols of a horse and a cycle. Then Meera and Gopal recruit a poor male, Gangaram, who assists his employer to sell fake herbs and medicines, including a birth-control pill 'Sanjay Sanjeevni', to stand for elections. Armed with a tonic-shot of Netagiri; a pill for Revolution; and a needle-shot of Socialism, Gangaram competes to be the next president with a symbol of a car. Meera then bribes the two main competitors and gets them to withdraw from the race, thus ensuring an easy win for Gangaram, who is then elected President. On his very first day, Gangaram learns that it is more practical to worship his Kursee, as well as listen to it's 8 Dictums. Then he decides to live it up during the daytime, and sleep with his busty Personal Secretary, Ruby Dixsana, at night. He then sets about to woo a dumb and naive woman, ironically named Janta (Public), and then proceeds to ignore her. He decides to eliminate hunger by first offering a reward to kill mice and rats, but when opposed by Bhajneesh, decides to ban killing any rodent. He then makes a deal with an international Caucasian male, Double Dealer, to export and import fictitious dogs and cats. When issues are not addressed, corruption increases tenfold, he decides to distract everyone's mind by declaring war on the neighboring country, Andher Nagri. After the war, he faces more opposition, and decides to declare an Emergency, arresting all opponents, curbing freedom of the media, as well as the Courts, and is all set to declare himself the permanent President of this beleaguered nation.
2890 ::: Third's a Charm: The Making of 'Ocean's Thirteen' (2014) ::: In this documentary, screenwriters Brian Koppelman and David Levien are major participants, as they discuss creating a fitting conclusion to the Ocean's saga. Newcomers Al Pacino and Ellen Barkin are also interviewed. Unlike the first film, Thirteen was set in an imaginary casino constructed at great expense on a Hollywood soundstage; production designer Philip Messina describes the design philosophy.
2891 ::: "Pump" (????) ::: Pump is loosely based on the Venice Beach exploits of Schwarzenegger, when he was then known not as the Governator, but rather as the Austrian Oak. The series is set in 1973, as a small group of bodybuilders birthed the physical fitness industry and body worship, in the Pacific Avenue beachfront gym that was their temple. While fitness is now a multi-billion dollar industry, back then Schwarzenegger and his brawny pals were viewed as being freakishly muscular. Despite having the best bodies in the world, most bodybuilders were broke. That didn't mean they didn't have fun, living a life of hedonism and adventure in 1970s Southern California. Schwarzenegger won the Mr. Olympia title seven times and stole the show in the seminal documentary Pumping Iron, before fulfilling the American immigrant rags to riches dream as the action star of films ranging from Terminator to Predator and True Lies, and then California State Governor.
2892 ::: 9 dney odnogo goda (1962) ::: Two young scientists are exploring new fields of nuclear physics. Dmitry Gusev and Ilya Kulikov are good friends, but rivals in love. Dmitry marries Lyolya and they live happily together. Luck has it that he makes an important discovery. Unfortunately he exposes himself to radioactivity during the experiments. As a result he falls seriously ill. However Dmitry has a strong spirit. His will to live, the deep passion for his work and his strong love for mankind makes it possible for him to recover.
2893 ::: A Fantasy Garden Ballet Class II (2001) ::: By popular demand, Rosemary Boross and Bruce Stephen Foster present the sequel to their hit program, A Fantasy Garden Ballet Class. Pre-schoolers will love dancing with the newest members of the Fantasy Garden including the "Friendly Frogs," "Prancing Petunias", and "Mr. Robin Red Breast." This class contains classic ballet fundamentals being taught by "Emboite Ants" and "Leaping Lady Bugs." Also included is continued work on basic motor skills with "Marching Marigolds" and "Green, Green Galloping Grasshoppers," as well as rhythmic exercises in "The Caterpillar Circle."
2894 ::: Acústico MTV: Sandy e Junior (2007) ::: Acoustic MTV is the fourth live album and the sixteenth of the career of Brazilian pop double Sandy and Junior. The brothers' last project as a duo was released in 2007, the year in which they announced their separation after 17 years as a musical duo.
2895 ::: Sons of the Neon Night (????) ::: "A land free of drugs depicts utopia, or so they say - Yet only those who have been there would know the eternal flames that burn in that place called Hell. It was with his creation of medicine that men began deluding himself about the illusive power to ordain life and death. Be it naivety or arrogance, we glory in awe, eyes closed; deaf to the quiet humming of destruction that lingers on the edge of desire. As it goes, blood weeps more eagerly than tears in a merciless world."
2896 ::: SpaceDisco One (2007) ::: "Spacedisco One" is a sequel to both "Logan's Run" and "1984" at the same time with Orwell's Winston Smith running into the daughters of Logan 5 and Francis 7 as they're busy running about a park firing off laser beams at one another. It's not until they meet that Winston realizes they're actually all fictional characters in a movie. When not discussing "Battlestar Galactica" with Stargirl 7 and Francis 8, Winston makes frequent visits to the Ministry of Truth - known to you and I as Universal Citywalk. Oh yeah, did I mention the roller rink in space that people have to skate on to get to Earth? Yeah, there's that, too
2897 ::: Mack (2018) ::: Mack, an introspective twenty-something, encounters difficulties - even absurdities - at work and in his dating life. He meets a homeless man who considers himself Jesus Christ, and the two develop an odd friendship. Meanwhile, a young monk undergoes struggles similar to Mack's, and their stories increasingly converge.
2898 ::: Anjos do Sol (2006) ::: In 2002, 12-year-old Maria, living in dire poverty with her family, is sold by her fisherman father to prostitute recruiter Seu Tadeu, who takes her to a low-class brothel in the Amazon region. While she suffers innumerable abuses, Maria only thinks of escaping the horrible conditions she's faced with. Maria, a 12-year-old girl, is sold by her parents, believing she was going to work as a maid at some rich family's house. But the people who bought her have other plans: they'll force her to work at brothels all around Brazil, as many poor girls her age.
2899 ::: M'Liss (1918) ::: M'liss, a feisty young girl in a mining camp, falls for Charles Gray, the school teacher. Charles is implicated in a murder of which he is innocent, and the two must fight to save him from a lynching.
2900 ::: Company of Heroes: Opposing Fronts (2007) ::: Company of Heroes: Opposing Fronts is the next chapter in the critically acclaimed Company of Heroes series. Players can now take command of the German Panzer Elite as they defend the Fatherland against the forces of Operation Market Garden, or lead the British 2nd Army in their struggle to liberate the city of Caen.
2901 ::: Monster High: Scaris, City of Frights (2013) ::: When Clawdeen Wolf gets the chance to apprentice for the legendary fashion designer Madame Ghostier, she and her best ghoul friends immediately pack their bags and hop on a plane to beautiful Scaris, France. As Clawdeen competes against two worthy opponents, Skelita Calaveras? and Jinafire Long?, her pals Frankie Stein? and Rochelle Goyle? uncover clues to a spooktacular secret deep beneath the cobblestone streets. Join the ghouls from Monster High? for THE fangtastic adventure of a lifetime in Scaris ? the city where screams really do come true!
2902 ::: Más allá del mar (2004) ::: It began with a bus crashing through the gates of an embassy in Havana and unraveled into one of the most dramatic episodes in the history of human migrations. In a few short weeks, nearly 130,000 Cubans left their homeland in an unrelenting stream of vessels bound for America. More than two decades later, the personal stories surrounding the infamous Mariel Boatlift continue to resonate with an energy that can only be described as surreal, powerful. Weaving together these riveting stories along with rare, historical images, and footage from present-day Cuba, this film recreates this "explosion of 1980," a crisis that shook the very foundations of Cuban as well as American society.
2903 ::: "Sunehray Din" (1991) ::: Safir is the only child of his mother ,a professor , and is spoilt by his maternal grandfather. Although mischievous he is very smart and quick witted. The only thing he wants to do seriously is join armed forces, for which he has to convince his mother. Even after several attempts of his mother, who is reluctant to send him to Pakistan Millitary Academy (PMA) in Kakul, along with the help of his grandfather , he joins PMA. At the same time there is the arrival of their new neighbours just across their house. The story then revolves around Safir and his friends in the academy , their cadet life and the bitter-sweet relation of Safir's grandfather and the head of the family of the new neighbours.
2904 ::: .COMedy Live (2015) ::: Star Trek? Star Wars? Game of thrones? Cosplay? Gadgets? smart phones? All of the above? We got it all! .COMedy Live was a geek-only comedy show that ran on October 26 at the Parlor Live comedy club in Bellevue. This DVD is an edited taping of the show.
2905 ::: L'Amour (1973) ::: Donna and Jane are two American hippies, searching for sex and romance in Paris but, mainly, rich husbands. Eventually, Donna finds a perfume industrialist, Michael, who wishes to marry her, providing she will accept sharing his special friendship with local gigolo Max. Drama ensues as Michael changes his mind when meeting Jane, but all is well that ends well.
2906 ::: "Full Nelson" (2010) ::: Jake Nelson, a single dad in his early 30's, owns and operates a small independent wrestling promotion - Nelson Alliance of Wrestling - he inherited from his recently deceased father. He stages matches with a core crew of oddball grapplers in a run-down, smoke-filled VFW hall in central California. If he's lucky, 50 people show up to watch.... But Jake dreams of becoming something bigger. And with the discovery of Dylan Cole, a scrawny teenager who is as unlikely a wrestling star as you'll ever see, Jake seems poised to become the big shot he believes he can be. As Dylan comes out of his shell and discovers his inner strength, Jake's dreams - and the dreams of everyone at Nelson Wrestling - might just become reality.
2907 ::: The Penny-Ante Affair (2009) ::: 'The Penny Affair' is the tale of Darren Golightly, accounts programming manager for Suffolk World Bank. Darren is a lot like the rest of us-we all have minor compulsions now and again, a song we can't get out of our head, walking on the same side of the street-but Darren's compulsion becomes an obsession. Unfortunately for him, that's when Tracey comes along.
2908 ::: Baalu Belagithu (1970) ::: Rajkumar as papanna marries a poor lakshmi but is already married to a rich heiress lalitha,and is known as Shankar .Is he two timing, a man with double face and some secret to hide? How does he tackle the dilemma in his life torn between two women? Suspense, Music and all round good performances
2909 ::: Escuelas (2004) ::: My first documentary film studies the teenage world through the eyes of four teenagers and, at the same time, it maintains an open dialog with teachers, parents, friends and experts. The film was made in 2004 in two Spanish high schools of two quite different regions of the country. We interviewed in depth more than 40 students and finally we selected 4 of them based on their diversity, characters, ideas, academic level and social origin. Ioseba, Leire, Pura and Yolanda are the main characters of the film. At the same time in the film there are several people that will help the public to understand the teenage universe. Questions analyzed by these people include the influence of TV on teenagers, the sources of their motivation, the limitations of the Spanish educational system, the need for a betterment of the curriculum, among others. Throughout the film, a key concept implicitly arises. Teenagers, as human beings, have a superior nature that must receive attention.
2910 ::: Miami Beach: Un giorno ad Art Basel e dintorni (2014) ::: One of the most important and exciting contemporary art shows in the world- Art Basel, Miami transforms the city of Miami, Florida for a week in December each year into a veritable open-air gallery. From the famous pavilions of Art Basel to the multiple other fairs, including Art Miami and Design Miami, and from the exclusive events held in some of Miami's most prestigious locales to pop-up exhibitions extending throughout the city, Miami, Un Giorno ad Art Basel discovers and highlights some of the most notable artists, shows and events during Art Basel Miami 2013.
2911 ::: Where Eskimos Live (2002) ::: Sharkey, part of the sinister world of child trade, picks up Vlado, an orphan of war, dreaming of freedom and a better life. They embark upon a strange and enlightening journey through war torn Bosnia. As they struggle to get out of the country and fight to stay alive, they find a special love and compassion from which emerges their ultimate moral and spiritual redemption.
2912 ::: Jimmy Tupper vs. the Goatman of Bowie (2010) ::: Jimmy Tupper is a no one, he's nothing. He spends his days working at a Starbucks in Suburban Maryland and spends his nights drinking and playing Rock Band. His friends see him as the resident stoner and waste of space. One night they decide to pull a prank on poor Jimmy, and while he is passed out drunk they leave him in the middle of the woods. The next day Jimmy is nowhere to be found. When he finally emerges from the woods he is beaten and bloodied and making outlandish claims. He claims to have seen a monster, the famed "Goatman" of Bowie. His friends believe this to be the drunken ramblings of an over excited nitwit, but Jimmy knows better. He heads to the woods determined to capture footage of the elusive creature. Was Jimmy only dreaming? Did he really see a monster? Only time, and Jimmy's video camera, will tell.
2913 ::: "The Great Australian Bake Off" (2013) ::: Ten home baking enthusiasts will be put through a series of grueling elimination challenges, baking a mouth-watering selection of cakes, pies, tarts, pastries, bread, biscuits and desserts, all in the hope of being crowned Australia's Best Home Baker. The Australian version of the British series where ten contestants have to bake three treats each week within a particular style of baking or theme. The first bake is the Signature Bake, something within the theme that the baker considers special, which says something about the baker as an individual. The second bake is the Technical Bake, where all of the bakers are given the same recipe and ingredients, but some parts of the method are missing. This bake is designed as a test of how much knowledge the bakers have about their craft, and is the only one to have a blind judging, where the judges rank the bakes from best to worst without knowing which baker baked which treat. The final bake is the Showstopper, which is the ultimate test of creativity, skill and ambition, designed to take the bakers' baking to the next level, which is as much about the Wow factor as deliciousness. After the bakes, the judges decide on the best and worst bakers, with the best baker being crowned the "Star Baker", and the worst being eliminated. The competition is held over eight weeks, with three contestants competing in the final from which one will be crowned as the winner. That baker will receive a dream kitchen bake-over makeover from Harvey Norman, and a five day baker's retreat at the Byron At Byron.
2914 ::: Retrieval (????/II) ::: A successful corporate lawyer has recently gone through a divorce with his younger wife and has been fervently fighting for fair visitation rights with their 11 year-old son, whom he adores and misses terribly. On the cusp of finally winning legal shared custody, his corrupt and controlling billionaire developer ex-father-in-law subverts the legal system with extreme measures, setting off a chain reaction of deadly events which lead the protagonist to push himself beyond the limits of his experience, strengths and skill sets -- he will do anything at all to save his son from certain danger caused by an in-law manipulation gone very wrong.
2915 ::: Hahevra Hachi Grua Baolam (2009) ::: This is a documentary about the 3 clumsy workers of a small family insurance agency. They are all in their late 50's, chubby bold, bearded with massive glasses, and though they are kind, easy going, sensitive and broad minded gentlemen, they know nothing about business and are on a verge of bankruptcy in any aspect of life. The film documents their survival attempt during the 2008's economical crisis.. This is a documentary about the 3 clumsy workers of a small family insurance agency. They are all in their late 50`s, chubby bold, bearded with massive glasses, and though they are kind, easy going, sensitive and broad minded gentlemen, they know nothing about business and are on a verge of bankruptcy in any aspect of life. The film documents their survival attempt during the 2008`s economical crisis..
2916 ::: Rymmaren (2012) ::: Rolf became commonly known as "The Escaper" (Rymmaren) since he escaped from every orphanage he got placed at. He was also sexually abused. At that time Sweden was extremely sexual-liberal on the verge of permitting sexual crimes as pedophilia and even incest. The main goal for his many escapes were his grandparents on his mother's side and they were his only security during his adolescence.
2917 ::: Robinson in Space (1997) ::: Robinson is commissioned to investigate the unspecified "problem of England." The narrator describes his seven excursions, with the unseen Robinson, around the country. They mainly concentrate on ports, power stations, prisons, and manufacturing plants, but they also bring in various literary connections, as well as a few conventional landscapes.
2918 ::: The Seven New Signs of the Apocalypse (2016) ::: Plot is to give false information to gullible. Climate change is real and 100 % now accountable by evil men promoting burning more fossil fuels... Stop man's acopolyse .... go green, go renewables, go Accountable... not... towed under water by false prophets who want us to prepare for death, at THEIR WILL, THEY ARE CAUSING... Any one who has studied biblical prophecy would agree that literal interpretation is not appropriate. However, from the prophecies that were fulfilled BC, we can get an idea how to view more recent events. The documentary explores possibilities of current fulfillment. The fact that this is the 'New Signs' tells us this is, of course purely speculation (see The Seven Signs of the Apocalypse, 2009). However, it is appropriate to take heed of the warnings indicated by the current events explored.
2919 ::: The Carpet Slaves: Stolen Children of India (2001) ::: The Carpet Slaves examines child slavery in India where 300,000 children have been kidnapped and are forced to work on products that are being sold in the United States and the rest of the world. It goes undercover to look at children who are forced to work in poorly lit, unhygienic and dangerous carpet factories.
2920 ::: Hanggang saan hanggang kailan (1993) ::: On the death of their father, the heiress, Dina, sent her illegitimate sisters Ester and Jocelyn out of her vast hacienda and even deprived them from what is rightfully theirs. A few years later, the hardworking and determined Alice returned, ready to turn the tables on her wicked sister.
2921 ::: Miyoko Asagaya kibun (2009) ::: (Japanese with English subtitles) Manga artist Shinichi Abe created his most popular comic strip living in a tiny apartment in Asagaya District of Tokyo during 1970s, where he drew inspiration from his then model girlfriend Miyoko and shared frank heartbreaks of their relationship. Nothing was off limits. No subject too sensual or intimate.
2922 ::: Penthouse Letters: Bad Wives (2006) ::: Five steamy cuckolding stories of what's really going on behind the neighbor's front door. They're not desperate - just desperately depraved. 1) Cuckolding at a Bar: A swinger couple picks up a man at a bar and they have a threesome in the bar toilet. 2) Cuckolding in a Limousine; It's wife's birthday, husband rents a limousine and allows her to do whatever she wants. They find a girl for threesome. 3) Cuckolding by the Pool; Husband watches his wife with the gardener and then joins the party. 4) Cuckolding by the Billiard Table; Couple cheers up their friend who broke up with his wife. 5) Taping the Cuckolding; husband likes to watch his wife with other men they hire a young man and he tapes the session while masturbating.
2923 ::: Banner Bandits (2017) ::: During the most celebrated cultural event on the island of Guam, USA (the annual Liberation Day Parade), a group of brave and determined youth come together to effect policy change on the use of alcohol and tobacco signage island-wide. Community and business leaders discuss the possibilities of changing the mindset of its locals associating alcohol and tobacco with longstanding traditional cultural celebrations.
2924 ::: Babette (1997) ::: Babette is a collage made of pictures, talks, sounds, poems and music. A video of confrontation, war and art, fiction and documentary, facts and fantasy, experiences and second-hand information. These different poles wander very naturally through the space of this video without disturbing each other or taking itself ad absurdum; no, they stand very close together, because they are closely acquainted.
2925 ::: The Pleasant Devil (1919) ::: Beautiful young Eulalie Morgan belongs to a strange group called "The Anti-Kiss Cult" and refuses to kiss her fiancée, Kingdon Challoner. At a dinner party one night Kingdon asks his friend, playboy Bruce Sands, for advice. Sands proposes have him steal a kiss from Eulalie in the dark and then quickly disappear, to be replaced by Kingdon, whom Eulalie will believe has kissed her. However, things go south when Eulalie discovers it wasn't Kingdon but Bruce who kissed her, and announces that she has fallen in love with Bruce and breaks up with Kingdon. Complications ensue.
2926 ::: Street Hero (1984) ::: Vinnie is a teenage boy who is an outcast at school, alienating teachers and students alike and he is a courier for the local Mafia boss. He lives in welfare housing with his mother, a young brother and sister, and his Mother's lover who he cannot stand. Vinnie takes out his aggression with the world practicing boxing at the local gym. He is haunted by images of his father (when just a boy he witnessed his father's murder) and his father's boxing career. His music teacher encourages him to get involved as a drummer with the school band, and his girlfriend Gloria and others influence him to stay away from the Mafia.
2927 ::: Wonders of Colombia II (2014) ::: In the second season of "Maravillas de Colombia", we will closely follow four Colombian engineering megaprojects that have been a point of reference for the country's economy. A busy airport with the imminent threat of cargo contaminated with narcotics; one of the largest Latin America multipurpose seaports; a refinery that supplies oil to 85% of the country and a shipyard that repairs military vessels patrolling the Colombian coasts and rivers. There are examples of a country that is modernizing and is positioned as a reference for the region's infrastructure environment.
2928 ::: Soldati - 365 all'alba (1987) ::: Claudio Scanna is a private in the Italian army: during his first night in a new military base he gets in a fight with senior recruits. Lieutenant Fili, Claudio's commanding officer, is denied a promotion because his superiors discover he was absent without justification during the night of the fight. Fili blames Claudio and vows to make his remaining months in the service a living hell...
2929 ::: The Art of Walking (2010) ::: Would you see the world differently if you walked? John Francis, environmentalist and author of PlanetWalker, Katarina Witt, one of the most successful figure skaters of all time and DeNiro's co-star in Ronin, and Michael Milton, the Paralympic skier who has won 12 gold medals and is the fastest Australian skier undertake an amazing journey on foot. Director Zach Merck shot in stunning HD with proprietary body-mounted camera systems, epic aerial footage and fly on the wall observation. Utilizing lightweight dollies and battery powered LED lite panels, Merck and crew were able to blend elements of cinema verite documentary. It has some powerful learnings, laughs, speaks about Australia from an international perspective. The handful of crew members walked a combined total of over 2,600 kilometers in 10 days to capture breathtaking images of the rugged coast.
2930 ::: The Station (2012/II) ::: Eric and Steve are two best friends who are working an all day shift at their local gas station. However it is not just any day, its Eric's last shift before he leaves for the military in a few days. Eric has become the center of attention for his path in life and is getting a big going away party thrown for him in his honor. On the flip side to all this hoopla, there is his best friend Steve. Everybody views Steve as Eric's side kick and it is starting to take its toll. Steve is an outcast, mixed up and has no direction in his own life and to make matters worst... is worried about his best friend leaving him. Through all the humor the story tells, this is a story about friendship, coming of age and dealing with change in ones life.
2931 ::: Farrah Superstar: Backdoor Teen Mom (2013) ::: Premise of film is a girl from Nebraska wanting to model life after Kim Kardashian so she hires a production company and makes an authentic sex tape with a professional porn star as her co star and later claimed it was leaked/stolen only for her film costar to come out and tell this was Farrah's plan the entire time.
2932 ::: Jean-Marie Serreau, découvreur de théâtres (2015) ::: As an actor, a director and a founder of numerous theatre companies, Jean-Marie Serreau has been, for almost all his life, a visionary force for the french theatre scene. This documentary focuses on his work with authors Kateb Yacine, Aimé Césaire and Samuel Becket.
2933 ::: Toujours Artiste (2015) ::: A foray into the lives of four Quebecers "stars" who left their marks between 1960 to 1980, having helped shape the cultural and artistic heritage of Quebec. Although they are no longer in the spotlight, these artists are still just as passionate about their work as before! Being an artist... it's a life commitment! ARTIST is a foray into the lives of four Quebecers "stars" who left their marks between 1960 to 1980, having helped shape the cultural and artistic heritage of Quebec. Although they are no longer in the spotlight, these artists are still just as passionate about their work as before! Being an artist... it's a life commitment!
2934 ::: Yankee Madness (1924) ::: En route to Sevilla, Central America, Richard Morton ( George Larkin ) rescues a beautiful girl, whom he knows only as Dolores ( Billie Dove ), from bandits and learns that she also is en route to Sevilla. Arriving, he finds his father under attack by Sevilla revolutionists. Intending to manage his father's ranch, Richard instead gets involved in the revolution; saves President Dominguez ( J. L. Powell ) from his enemy, Rodolfo Emanon ( Earl Schenck ); and learns that Dolores, who has consented to be his wife, is the president's daughter.
2935 ::: Affectionately Yours, Screwtape: The Devil and C.S. Lewis (2007) ::: Did God give each person free will? Who is Satan? Can good truly overcome evil? Consider these questions and more as we journey inside the mind of C.S. Lewis in this introductory review of one of the great Christian literary works of the 20th century. The Screwtape Letters, a thin volume of imaginative letters between two devils, has given millions of readers insight into conquering everyday spiritual struggles. Join us as we explore the Biblical, historical and cultural depictions of Satan and hell and gain a deeper understanding of the nature of temptation and redemption. Whether you're a devoted C.S. Lewis fan or just reading his work for the first time, you're sure to develop a new appreciation for The Screwtape Letters through this modern look at his timeless classic.
2936 ::: The Garden of Earthly Delights (1981) ::: A collage of two-dimensional images of vegetation, each appearing only for a moment, sometimes as a single image, more often with other bits of stem, leaf, bud, or petal. Often we see only the outline of objects against a black background. Black and green are occasionally joined by fragments of orange or of white and blue. The objects in the frame don't move but they are quickly replaced by another collage, giving the feel of rapid motion. Each collage is crisp, its lines etched against the background of black and later of white. Whitman anyone, or Hieronymus Bosch? Although there is no soundtrack, the rapidity of changing images and colors suggests a riot.
2937 ::: Basura (2013) ::: Since 2006, San Pedro El Cortez has become one of the most representative bands of Tijuana. There's only one problem: Nobody cares. Today, after a wave of interest to artists from the region, they have the opportunity to show why they are the best bet of the new Mexican music.
2938 ::: The Blue Mansion (2009) ::: The Blue Mansion is a quirky murder mystery about a wealthy Asian tycoon who dies suddenly under mysterious circumstances. He returns as a ghost to try to uncover the secret of his death with the help of his family and the police.
2939 ::: I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue (2008) ::: A live stage tour version of the long-running BBC Radio 4 panel show, in which the chairman gives the panelists silly things to do. Featuring many of the most popular rounds from the radio series, including "Missed Hits", "One Song to the Tune of Another", "Letter Writing", "Sound Effects Story Time", "Uxbridge English Dictionary", "Pick-Up Song", "Sound Charades", "Mornington Crescent", "Quiz of Quizzes" and "Swanee Kazoo".
2940 ::: Jiggaboo Jones Presents: Giving Back the House (2010) ::: Jiggaboo Jones leads the viewers on a comical journey to monetary victory for victims bound for foreclosure. As only a champion street hustler could, he shows viewers the 34 Items that can lead to riches during a poor situation known as foreclosure. In four easy steps Jiggaboo Jones secures the home in ways no one ever imagined possible. The strip of the house is so complete and without the evidence of malice, only a true mastermind could have done any better. This how to: is a step by step approach sure to land cold hard cash in the hands of the homeowner while surrendering what seems to be a perfectly good home to the bank. The surprise is in the many hidden pitfalls that await the poor bastard who is dumb enough to purchase the foreclosed home after Jiggaboo Jones is done with it. Jiggaboo Jones is ready to show you how to "Give back the house!"
2941 ::: The Revenants (2007) ::: Multicultural teens Joo-Eun and Michael are on a lonely search for their place in the world. When the two are introduced by Joo-Eun's nihilistic boyfriend Zach, a mutual interest is sparked. As they begin covertly growing close, it becomes clear that there is much more at stake than simple crises of identity. The relationship quickly becomes a catalyst for disturbing events, yet brings about powerful change. The Revenants is a fresh and insightful look at the struggles of people to cope with the brutality of life, and find a way to feel whole and alive. A drama set in high school, the movie deals with issues that transcend age.
2942 ::: Kuiba 2 (2013) ::: Every 333 years, an abomination is born, a being known as Kuiba, destined to be the nemesis of all, and bring disaster to the world. In Kuiba year 1664, the sixth-generation Kuiba appeared. After narrowly escaping a preemptive strike by the forces of heaven, the young Kuiba was adopted by Man Xiaoman of the Beast Nation, who gave him the name "Manji." Like those around him, Manji is unaware of his true identity. With the encouragement of his adopted father, Manji overcame numerous trials before finally boarding a warship bound for Maelstrom Island. There he hopes to prove he is the greatest Spirit Warrior of all by saving the world from the threat known as Kuiba. Meanwhile, on Maelstrom Island, Kuiba's most loyal lieutenants are waiting, ready to do battle with all who oppose their master's return Though unaware of his true nature, Manji must soon face the inevitable conflict between his father, the gods of heaven, and Kuiba's twelve fiercest lieutenants
2943 ::: Small Town Girl (2007) ::: Shot over 5 years from the start of 2001, Small Town Girl is a unique and moving portrait of three British girls growing from childhood into adolescence. Joanne and Charlotte live in a small racially divided town, Nelson, in the north of England and face the daily harsh reality of the high tension between the Muslim Asian and white population. Joanne has an Iranian father she has never met; a mother imprisoned in a high risk mental hospital for burning a house down, and she is fostered into a very poor, born-again white Christian family. The church seems to provide her with the family she never had. When her foster mother dies suddenly, Joanne turns back inside herself and increasingly to the safety of the church. For Charlotte the answer to the problem of growing up is to grasp on to the superficiality of appearance, clothes, make up and style. She takes the easy way out, including dropping her Asian friends when the going gets tough. For Sian living in Frome, a town in the south west of England where there are no places to go, the only attraction seem to be boys and their cars, and alcohol and drugs are hard to resist. The filmmaker's presence provides the entry to a growing intimate relationship between herself and the girls. As the film unfolds, and the girls face relationships and sex, their behaviour changes in surprising, humorous and sometimes tragic ways.
2944 ::: Captive of a Death Mask (2012) ::: The only one more scared than his victims is the killer himself! When underground fighter Sean Porter attends a meeting to advance his fighting career, he awakens into a nightmarish scenario. Framed for murder and sealed into a suit with his fingers sewn shut, a knife in his hand, and a remote control taser on his back, Sean is forced to play the part of a masked serial killer- or die trying. Fighting to save his victims and himself, can Sean find a way to turn the tables, or will he die as a... Captive of a Death Mask.
2945 ::: Scotland's DNA Secrets (2009) ::: Presented by Lorraine Kelly, this show is based around the subject of DNA testing, designed to solve the dilemmas between individuals. Using a combination of documentary filming and dramatic reconstruction, we follow each story from the initial request of a DNA test to the moment of truth when the results are revealed.
2946 ::: Crowe: The Drowned Armory (2017) ::: Series Description: A starry-eyed tribal boy becomes the key to saving his village from alien conquistadors when he inadvertently discovers long forgotten technology hidden and abandoned by his ancestors a 1000 years ago and will learn of his true significance in the galaxy along the way. Game Description: In our first experience, The Drowned Armory, players will interact with an A.I. Techno-Fairy named AMI (ay-mee), to fight off alien drones with a shield and plasma energy bow, and use head tracking and parallax to solve puzzles in order to activate an ancient robot mech to defeat the giant dragon that dwells at the bottom of a flooded, derelict temple - the Drowned Armory.
2947 ::: Amazing Moments (2003) ::: National Geographic looks at some of the most amazing moments caught on camera. "Unexpected Killers" looks at animals as they stalk and kill their prey. "Nature's Fury" examines the dangers posed by the natural world. "Deadly Encounters" looks at several vicious animal attacks. "Amazing Discoveries" looks at some important discoveries witnessed by National Geographic. "Danger Zone" details some incredible life or death struggles.
2948 ::: Radio Flyer (1992) ::: A father reminisces about his childhood when he and his younger brother moved to a new town with their mother, her new husband and their dog, Shane. When the younger brother is subjected to physical abuse at the hands of their brutal stepfather, Mike decides to convert their toy trolley, the "Radio Flyer", into a plane to fly him to safety. A loving father explains the value of promise and believing to his two boys through the story of young Mike and his kid brother Bobby, who being abandoned by their dad had to move with ma and German shepherd Shane to a rural town where the local kids, lorded by abusive older scamp Victor Hernandez, consider them intruders 'stealing' their predecessors' place. Alas the friendly sheriff Daugherty, whose protection they politely wave, will have to act against a far worse bully, ma's new lover who expects to be called the king and belts Bobby's back brutally when drunk in the garage, a secret the boys want to keep secret for finally happy ma. The superstitious brothers spend their time exploring, pulling a wheeled red wagon called Radio Flyer, which name finally inspires a desperate 'magical escape' attempt...
2949 ::: Magnus (2007) ::: Magnus is a sensitive boy from a family where no-one really cares about him. His parents consider that given food and shelter, their children will just grow up on their own. As a child Magnus suffers from a potentially fatal lung disease and he plays bizarre games to cheat death. Ten years later, modern medicine has cured the disease but Magnus' death wish continues. After his second attempt to take his own life his father's conscience finally awakens. He tries to convince his son to go on living by sharing his own unorthodox lifestyle. An uneasy and sometimes humorous relationship develops between Magnus and his father, leading to an unexpected conclusion...
2950 ::: Milarepa (1974) ::: Leo, dopo un incidente stradale, č ricoverato in ambulatorio e racconta al professore Bennet, suo medico curante, la storia e le gesta del monaco tibetano Milarepa, con il quale si identifica. La leggenda č narrata in tre capitoli ben distinti: la magia nera, ovvero le pratiche delle fattucchiere ; la magia bianca, ovvero il raggiungimento della perfezione e della saggezza e la trasfigurazione, ovvero il distacco da ogni realtŕ materiale attraverso la resurrezione. Film difficile, ma di forte impatto mistico, per l'epoca.
2951 ::: White Supremacy: Going Under (2016) ::: Combining reenactments and interviews with the primary players involved, three separate cases in the early 1990s of individuals going undercover to infiltrate and thus bring down white supremacist activities are presented. This documentary posits that such undercover operations are one of if not the most most effective means of stopping these white supremacist activities. The first involves psychotherapist 'Karen Kearns (III)' (qv), whose family was targeted by a local chapter of Aryan Nation led by Mark Thomas shortly after moving to the small community of Huff's Church, Pennsylvania. The threats against them was because they are a biracial family having adopted a Korean child. After contacting the FBI, Karen went undercover for several years reporting back to them of Mark's goings-on as the court appointed therapist for Mark's adolescent children. The second involves who was then ATF agent 'Dave Behrend (II)' (qv) going undercover shortly after moving to Alabama with his family, he and his colleague 'Bart Mcentire' (qv)'s activities to monitor the goings-on of the Aryan National Front, specifically 'Bill Riccio' (qv) whose primary job was to align all the white supremacist groups together for coordinated activities. The third involves then military man 'Shawn Kenny' (qv), who at age eleven discovered his single father was a white supremacist and who fell into the life himself as a skinhead. Like many white supremacists, Shawn entered the military to learn tactics that would be useful to further the violent activities of the white supremacist movement. He credits the military for saving him from that life. Shawn's undercover work was infiltrating the Aryan Republican Army in Ohio, 'Peter Langan' (qv) and Richard Guthrie of the organization whose primary roles in the advancement of the movement was to fund it through illegal activities, primarily a series of bank robberies. These three stories intersected with the 1995 bombing by white supremacist 'Timothy McVeigh' (qv) in Oklahoma City. Beyond the risk to their lives if caught in their undercover activities, the three talk about what they did in relation to the unprecedented numbers, not only in the United States but worldwide, currently known to be involved in white supremacy activities.
2952 ::: Microwarriors: The Power of Probiotics (2010) ::: Despite their enormous popularity, few people are properly educated and many myths still exist surrounding probiotics. In this groundbreaking film Microwarriors: The Power of Probiotics, you'll be taken "inside the world" of these beneficial bacteria. You will learn everything about probiotics, from their discovery in the early 20th century, to how they're tested and produced, plus the latest scientific research from the top probiotic experts in the world. They will answer many of your most common questions, including: . How effective are probiotics for digestive health? . Can probiotics support your immune system and lessen allergy symptoms? . Are all probiotic strains equally beneficial? . How safe are probiotics for infants and children? . Can probiotics help maintain your weight and prevent obesity? You'll find the answers to these questions and many others in this landmark documentary. Microwarriors is the most comprehensive, complete, and up-to-date film ever produced on probiotics and their contribution to overall health and well-being.
2953 ::: Under the Weeping Willow (2013) ::: Rancher/farmer Thomas Silver takes his bride to his newly built ranch to find that his heard of cows have been stolen by local thieves. Facing bankruptcy and financial ruin without his livestock he hires additional men to help run the ranch while he sets out to find his livestock. In his absence one of the hired help moves in on his young wife, leaving Thomas to return to more trouble than he started out with.
2954 ::: "Nuclear Secrets" (2007) ::: A series of five spy thrillers, looking at the race for nuclear supremacy. Starting with the making of the first Atomic bomb in episodes 1 and 2, onto the Cuban missile crisis in episode 3, episode 4 about nuclear weapons in the Middle East. A series of five, one hour documentaries.
2955 ::: The Beach Girls (1982) ::: School is out, and three girls head to the beach for vacation. Two of the girls are world-wise party-goers who attempt to loosen up their naive, virginal friend, whose uncle has allowed the girls to stay at his beach house. When the near-sighted, drug smuggling Captain Bly dumps his cargo of marijuana, the bales wash up on shore. The two party girls, Ginger and Ducky, quickly stuff the dope into giant bags and spirit it back to the beach house, where it fuels a party with assorted misfits, delivery persons, and passersby.
2956 ::: He Was Once (1989) ::: This bizarre parody of the animated religious children's show Davey and Goliath uses actors but looks like Claymation because of the stop motion, distorted voices, giant prosthetic ears and hair and sets that make Pee-Wee's Playhouse look realistic. Davey's father whips him with a belt for saying that he saw a bear, though he really did see a bear, while his sister looks on in glee. His dog Goliath, actually a leopard-skin footrest with a grotesque tail, tries to help but gets whipped too. Oedipal dream sequences and Davey's revenge are also highlights in this unforgettable and darkly hilarious suburban nightmare.
2957 ::: "Innocent" (2018) ::: After seven years in a high security prison, David Collins' conviction for the murder of his wife, Tara, is overturned due to a technicality, or as his lawyer puts it an appalling miscarriage of justice . Able to start his life again and begin to repair relationships with his family and friends, David hopes to finally be allowed to mourn his wife's death. As a new investigation is launched, headed by DI Cathy Hudson, dark secrets of abuse, affairs and money troubles rise to the surface. From jealous sisters to disgruntled lovers, these secrets rip fragile relationships apart at the seams. But one question remains: is David Collins truly innocent?
2958 ::: Red River County (????) ::: Red River County is a remote area near Paris, Texas. A tumultuous racial history haunts these parts. Ghosts roam the country side which is plagued by paranormal activity. The Clark Family, who reside in Red River County, is about to find out the high cost of 'generational hate.'
2959 ::: The Badlees: Renew and Rewind (2002) ::: Filmed on location in New York City at the Grand Ballroom at Manhattan Center, this television special finds the Pennsylvania favorites at their collective best. The show features songs from the quintet's long-awaited album RENEW, as well as highlights from their 13 year career. Now, with this special edition DVD release, you can experience the concert along with the legions of fans that crowded into the ballroom to help these prolific songwriters "Renew and Rewind".
2960 ::: La guerre est déclarée (2011) ::: Roméo and Juliette are two young actors. They fall in love at first sight, move in together and make a baby. A love story and the founding of a home like millions of others. Except that their little boy, Adam, behaves abnormally. The young parents try hard to persuade themselves that everything is okay but, with the passing of time, they cannot delude themselves anymore : their son has a problem. Their fears are unfortunately confirmed : Adam suffers from a malignant brain tumor. From now on, war is declared. A war against illness. A war against Death. A war against despair.
2961 ::: Tamed Kisses (????) ::: A repressed artist living in Iran is lured by an online relationship to move overseas with promises of love and freedom only to be forced into sexual slavery as a prostitute in an ultra-luxurious brothel where her only hope of escaping is from a client she services.
2962 ::: Hindi pa tapos ang labada, darling (1994) ::: A story of a couple (a rich girl and a middle class boy) with five children whose otherwise happy and stable marriage is threatened by petty jealousies and other marital disturbances, prompting the wife (Dina), pregnant with their fifth child, to up and flee to her grandma in the province. The husband woos her back. Danica and Vittorio, last seen together in the movie "Buhay Misis" more than 10 years ago when they were newly married.
2963 ::: Do Fantoosh (1994) ::: Kuldeep and Veerendra Kumar live like friend and family; while Veerendra works as a reporter for a local newspaper publication Kuldeep is busy collecting evidences against a gangster named Shetty. Kuldeep then hand these evidences over to Veerendra who then publishes a headline as well as photographs to expose Shetty. Shetty then retaliates by killing Kuldeep and getting Veerendra dismissed from his job - Veerendra then swears to avenge these injustices by defeating Shetty only to find himself arrested by the police for the rape and murder of a woman. Veerandra Kumar is employed as a reporter with a publication called "Satyachap". He investigates the shady goings-on in the city, and concludes that a prominent member of the community, Shetty, is behind these goings-on, and prints an headline article. Before this article could be distributed, Shetty puts a stop to this, and has Veerandra lose his job. Veerandra decides to expose Shetty in other ways, which is hindered as he is apprehended with the body of a stabbed young woman in his apartment.
2964 ::: "The Beecher Quinlan Restoration" (2006) ::: Originally built with leftover lumber and raw materials from their own homes in the mid-nineteenth century, residents came together to create the town's first public school house. It would later become a dentist's office, then a residential home, then moved two blocks down the street by horse. It survived a century and a half of wear, tear and weather to become a landmark. This is a documentary series that follows a group of master craftsmen as they work to restore the Beecher Quinlan House from the century-old school house it was to the luxurious home it will be.
2965 ::: "White Liars" (2011) ::: White Liars is about a down on his luck actor named Timothy Michael Forbes in need of a job and his friend Chet, a shady businessman who has lots of 'jobs'. The show takes a satirical look at the worlds of business and low end New York theatre.
2966 ::: Bloodlust (2010/I) ::: After being dumped by his girlfriend,an amateur cage fighter begins to test his endurance outside the ring experimenting with gay S&M (eventually falling victim to an internet predator) in this sendup of classic 70s thrillers and cult curiosity item, which became the first gay 3D feature. An amateur cage fighter, coping with a rocky breakup by testing his endurance both inside and outside of the ring, falls victim to an internet predator who lures him into the woods and chases through the tunnels beneath the city streets in this low-budget sendup of classic 70s thrillers.
2967 ::: Miss Firecracker (1989) ::: Carnelle isn't happy with her life, so in order to improve herself she enters a local beauty contest, trying to emulate her cousin Elain's win many years ago. Few think she can win, even her closest friends and relatives (e.g. slightly mad cousin Delmount) think she's heading for a big disappointment, but Carnelle is ever hopeful, seeing a win as a ticket to escape her small town in Mississippi. Carnelle Scott has lived in the same house since she moved to Yazoo City, Mississippi, following the death of her parents when she was a child. She moved in with her aunt and uncle, and grew up with her two older cousins, Elain and Delmount Williams. Carnelle has always wanted validation, which she has not yet achieved as she has no real friends, and people in the town sneer at her behind her back. The adoration of Mac Sam, her carnival roadie boyfriend, is not enough. That is why she's entered the local Miss Firecracker beauty pageant, which Elain won several years ago. This being the last year she is eligible, Carnelle even delayed entering for five years so that she could perfect her talent. As one of the strongest memories of her childhood, Carnelle wants to wear the same bright red evening gown Elain wore when she won. She's even dyed her hair bright red to match the dress. Elain, who has always seemed to have a dream life including marriage to well off Franklin Rutledge, is coming from Atlanta for this year's pageant to be a guest speaker. Elain's perfect life is showing some cracks as she is about to leave Franklin. Also returning to Yazoo City is anti-social and hot tempered Delmount, who has just been released from a mental institution, where he was incarcerated as Elain and Franklin would not take him in. Delmount owns the house and wants to sell, the proceeds which he will split with Carnelle so that they can both individually do whatever they really want to do with their lives away from Yazoo City. Along the way, Carnelle receives the support of shy seamstress Popeye Jackson, who helps her with all her pageant attire. By the end of the process, Carnelle may find that there are more important things in life than what she is initially looking for, and that perfection on the surface does not necessarily equate to happiness.
2968 ::: "Ziemlich starke Frauen" (2014) ::: "Ziemlich starke Frauen" - Fairly strong Women - goes along with six girls in wheelchairs (age 24-34) and shows their everyday challenges. This Tv series tells about their dreams and desires which are not so different from anyone elses, but need more imagination to be achieved.
2969 ::: The Lunatic (1991) ::: The story of a village madman, Aloysious, who has the amazing ability to talk to anything, including trees, cows and cricket balls. Portrayed from a Jamaican prospective with an acute eye for the authentic dialect of the land. Aloysious meets Inga, a German nymphomaniac, who uses her 'pum pum power' to capture his heart.
2970 ::: "Punktured" (2014) ::: In the tradition of Miami Ink and Pawn Stars comes Punktured - an inside look at the day to day business at Punktured body piercing studios in Melbourne. Meet Corrie and her team of experienced piercers as they work on punks, goths, rockers and people from all walks of life who want to modify their bodies through the ancient art of body piercing. Learn what motivates people to get pierced, and see the process behind rare and unique piercings. From mainstream choices like ears, noses and eyebrows to more intimate and extreme body art like dermals, nipples and genital piercings, Punktured is definitely not for the faint-hearted. It's a 'hole' new reality.
2971 ::: "Dirty Great Machines" (2012) ::: Take a trip underground and get up close and personal with titans of tunneling: the biggest, baddest tunnel boring machines on the planet. These monsters dig deeper and faster than ever before, gouging holes in the Earth's crust for subways and sewers.
2972 ::: Dabba Gul (????) ::: The head of the dabbawalas in Mumbai is approached by a MBA topper, eager to learn the functioning of the dabbawalas and in turn, signs up for a two-month internship. As they work together, the MBA topper learns important life lessons from the senior statesman.
2973 ::: Dead Silent (1999) ::: Young Amanda witnesses her parents' murder and is rendered mute. Her aunt Julia temporarily takes her in but soon discovers that her dead sister and brother-in-law may have held a secret life. Now she must risk everything as the killers are still hunting Amanda and the secret of her parents.
2974 ::: Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea (1995) ::: The film tells the story of a strange friendship between an adult, already on the return of his path of life, and a Chinese girl who just begins her path. Nikos is the radio operator of a merchant ship and has just arrived in Hong-Kong. He is tired and wants to forget his problems by smoking opium. Innocence and hope turns to him in the person of Li, a Chinese girl who lives in a Sampan (a houseboat) and has to clean boats and empty trash-cans to survive.
2975 ::: Huellas de un siglo (2010) ::: "Fingerprints of a Century" (Huellas de un siglo) is a series of 26 documentaries for television. The subject matter includes, the Centenary of the Republic Argentina, Alcorta's shout (the creation of the Argentine Agrarian Federation), The war of Malvinas (1982), The Tragic Week, The earthquake of San Juan, The Cordobazo, The "puebladas", Perón's arrival, The return of the democracy (Alfonsín, 1983), and some other milestones of the Argentine history.
2976 ::: The Rookie's Return (1920) ::: A young soldier is discharged from the service and has trouble making a living. However, when he inherits a great deal of money, he finds his troubles only beginning.
2977 ::: La sagrada familia (2005) ::: It's Easter in the beach house of a Chilean well-to-do and nowadays family. A self-centered and successful father, a disoriented mother and a son overshadowed by his successful father. The three of them, wait for the arrival of the son's first official girlfriend; a disturbing and rebellious young lady who will invade the house with her powerful sexual load and other "gifts", breaking loose an emotional cataclysm with no stepping back.
2978 ::: The Exorcist in the 21st Century (2012) ::: The Exorcist in the 21st Century takes the viewer into the unknown and sinister world of exorcism in the Catholic Church. We meet one of the few exorcists in Europe, the Vatican approved José Antonio Fortea. He travels around the world on a mission to enlighten the masses about demonic possession. Constanza, a Colombian woman, is desperately looking for Fr. Forteas help. She claims to have been possessed by demons for nearly 15 years and she goes through a ritual of exorcism before she sees the Spanish exorcist as a last hope for spiritual liberation. The film follows both their journeys and gives a unique insight into one of the world most secret and mystical rites - the catholic ritual of exorcism.
2979 ::: Star Paws (2016) ::: The battle between Cats and Dogs goes Galactic! An evil kitten known as Adventure Cat, and his army of cloned kitties, seeks to find an ancient bone with magical powers to take over the galaxy. It's up to an elite group of space dogs, headed by the intrepid General Ruff (William McNamara), to beat the kittens to the bone.
2980 ::: Plimpton! Starring George Plimpton as Himself (2012) ::: He pitched to Willie Mays, suited up for the Celtics, stepped into the ring with Archie Moore and even took a few snaps as quarterback for the Detroit Lions. But George Plimpton was no athlete. With wit, charm and a skillful pen, this participatory journalist created a life that many athletes could only dream of. His sensational career is captured here in heartwarming footage and intimate personal interviews.
2981 ::: "My Friend Irma" (1952) ::: Irma Peterson was the typical dumb blonde secretary living with a roommate, Jane Stacy, in a run-down Manhattan apartment run by Mrs. O'Reilly. A neighbor was nutty Professor Kropotkin. Jane's boss and boyfriend was millionaire Richard Rhinelander III. During the second season, Jane Stacy moved to Panama and Kay Foster moved in with Irma; Irma's 7-year-old nephew Bobby also moved in. Irma also acquired a new boyfriend, Joe Vance, and a new neighbor, Mr. Corday, an actor.
2982 ::: Si Eva at si Adan (1954) ::: Popular 50s Edna Luna and Juan "Johnny" Monteiro (both starred together in "Paladin") changed sex identities in the 1954 Gerry de Leon's controversial movie, "Si Eva at si Adan." The movie made an uproar when it ran into problems and raised a furor with the Board of Censors because of its very hot and sensitive issues on homosexuality. Manong Gerry was way ahead of its time when he tackled such controversial themes and its takes guts on his part to do that. Also can't imagine seeing Johnny Monterio portraying the role of a gay. Monterio, known for his breathtaking fencing skills, appeared in countless action and adventure movies pitting him mostly with another popular action star, Efren Reyes.
2983 ::: Y-Love (2012) ::: Y-Love is the "premier Orthodox Jewish entity in hip hop." Raised in inner-city Baltimore, Yitz Jordan became fascinated with Judaism as a child, attended Yeshiva in his teens and endured a short-lived arranged marriage to a Yiddish speaking woman who didn't think he was religious enough. Music is the medium through which Y-Love connects to his faith; he seems most at ease spouting rhymes on a Jerusalem stage, surrounded by adoring, religious fans. This documentary paints a poignant portrait of a perennial outsider: a Black, Jewish, gay orphan searching for a home.
2984 ::: Jangma (1979) ::: A young boy's village is overrun by the North Korean army soon after war breaks out. His uncle Sun-cheol joins the Communists, but tries to protect his in-laws; especially his intellectual anti-communist uncle Gil-jun. The tide turns and South Korean troops oust the Northerners and family members are forced to become blood enemies.
2985 ::: ISIS: Enemies of Humanity (2017) ::: ISIS Enemies of Humanity is an upcoming International Film based on terrorism. The film is releasing in 2017 across the globe. The subject of the movie is very intense in nature. The need of the hour is to understand the mindset behind the terrorist attacks across the globe. The recent attacks in London, Turkey, France, India and others have been very fearsome. The global audience needs to understand the psyche behind ISIS. Why? Who? When? How? these questions about terrorists trouble us immensely. We need to eradicate this fear.We need to bring humanity to the fore. The film ISIS Enemies of Humanity brings this burning topic to the world.Watch out for the film .Coming Soon.
2986 ::: The Watermelon Woman (1996) ::: Cheryl is young, Black, and lesbian, working in Philadelphia with her best friend Tamara and consumed by a film project: to make a video about her search for a Black actress from Philly who appeared in films in the 30s and was known as the Watermelon Woman. Following various leads, Cheryl discovers the Watermelon Woman's stage name and real name and surmises that the actress had a long affair with Martha Page, a White woman and one of Hollywood's few female directors. As she's discovering these things, Cheryl becomes involved with Diana, who's also White. The affair strains Cheryl's friendship with Tamara. More discoveries bring Cheryl (and us, her audience) to new realizations.
2987 ::: God Don't Make the Laws (2011) ::: The teenager Hawk Kodiak has just left a juvenile facility to live with the Eddie Palmer, who owns a dinner in Rockwell. Hawk arrives in the small town by bus bringing a basketball, and befriends the local Joey Larch. Then he goes to the high school, where he meets Eddie's niece Colbie Palmer, who drives him home. He meets the outcast Johnny Stumbles, who is the only survivor of a bus accident with the local volleyball team that happened seventeen years ago. Soon Hawk discovers that time has stopped in Rockwell since the accident and people have not aged. However he decides to play basketball with Joey and Johnny and soon there are changes in town. Who is Hawk Kodiak?
2988 ::: "Intimate Portraits: African Football Stars" (2010) ::: Intimate Portraits: African Football Stars is an interactive talk show featuring in-depth interviews on location with the top brass of African soccer players. Three of the best players will be selected from the 20 countries battling it out in the 2010 edition of the Africa Cup of Nations. The players will be interviewed about various aspects of their personal lives in a bid to paint an "intimate portrait."
2989 ::: A Night at the Garden (2017) ::: Assembled from archive footage, this short documentary details a 'German-American Bund' rally held at the Madison Square Garden on February 20, 1939. American Nazi leader 'Fritz Kuhn (I)' (qv) speaks to the gathered crowd when one man, 26-year-old Isadore Greenbaum, rushes the stage to protest the gathered National socialists.
2990 ::: Twenty Questions (2017) ::: Twenty people, from all walks of life, are each locked alone in a room for the length of one 400-foot roll of 16mm film (11 minutes). They are each given the same set of twenty questions, which they can answer at random...if they're not completely distracted by their surroundings. It's about life. It's about death. It's about everything . . . well, sort of.
2991 ::: The Talent Process (2017) ::: Construction worker and family man Aaron is your everyday, hard working provider...until a chance meeting in a store with a young boy and strange man lead to him witnessing something horrific...and paying the ultimate price. Taken from his home and tortured, his life doesn't just change...the world changes with it.
2992 ::: Eine Armee Gretchen (1973) ::: In the last days of WW2, women are volunteering from all over Germany to serve in the front lines by having sex with the brave Nazi soldiers. But when they start having sex with each other, things get complicated. Especially with the increasing danger from the revengeful Soviet army!
2993 ::: Lynch Mob (2009) ::: The rural town of Lynchburg, Georgia holds a dark secret. A century old curse has condemned the citizens to a diet of human flesh. Unable to leave the city limits the town folks must lure unsuspecting travelers to their quaint town where they soon become the menu item of choice. Problems arise when the Federal Government releases a street savvy criminal into their community under the witness relocation program.
2994 ::: Daddy's Little Girl (2003) ::: Cindy Lawson is pretty and rich - a combination that attracts a kinky kidnapper to abduct her, force her to strip naked and then securely rope and gag her. When she tries to escape, he forces her to don a straitjacket and harness gag. Will the nasty kidnapper release her, if her father even pays the ransom?
2995 ::: Three Plays by Gertrude Stein (1988) ::: Three short plays by Gertrude Stein, filmed on stage with numerous special effects. Almost no plot, these resemble Sesame Street for grownups. 1. In the Garden: A girl fantasizes about being a queen. 2. Three Sisters who are not Sisters: A spoof of the Hitchcock/Christie style of whodunnit. 3. Look and Long: The dark side of Humpty-Dumpty.
2996 ::: The Really Terrible Orchestra (2005) ::: Established in 1995, The Really Terrible Orchestra provides refuge for the cream of Edinburgh's musically disadvantaged, where the use of sheet music is discouraged for being "too distracting". But who are these people who freely admit their lack of accomplishment, who frequently demonstrate their incapability to audiences in the hundreds? This documentary follows the orchestra's chairman as he prepares for an upcoming performance, interviewing the players and their cult following to find out why they play, and why oh why do people listen?
2997 ::: An Extremely Uncommon Set of Circumstances (????) ::: Trailing "Preexisting Conditions", we follow Katrina Lizhope in her efforts to find out what happened to Ms. Green. A new friend for Katrina emerges when she joins a support group for people that have lost a loved one recently. Plots thicken when a garage band team up with a drug addict prostitute. Things get even more out of hand when news reporter Stacey Gay drives an even bigger wedge between Katrina and Beatrice just to get a good story.
2998 ::: "American Odyssey" (1958) ::: A travelogue/documentary-style program that ran thorugh the spring of 1958, presenting viewers with a half-hour narrated film looking a different slice of America and American society each week. Some of the subjects covered included the sights and attractions in different big cities, and the training programs at some of the country's elite military schools.
2999 ::: Windows (2014) ::: The movie Windows is constructed from a series of short stories about love. Different couples of around 50 years of age, a different couple each time, stand by a window in a room, illuminated by Tel Aviv's brutal summer sun, and one member of the couple wants to walk out the door. The film reveals them as they stand and look out the window and say something about their lives. In these moments of introspection they either look deeply and warmly into themselves or conduct a superficial, irritated soul-search; both come from deep in their hearts. They refuse to let go of their anger, they refuse to let go of their truth, they can't even agree on the weather. Yet this is a film about love - because the protagonists love one another.
3000 ::: Bianco Apache (1987) ::: Outlaws attack a band of settlers and kill everyone except a pregnant woman who's rescued by a band of Indians. The woman dies giving birth but Chief White Bear adopts her male baby, naming him "Shining Sky," and raising him as brother to his own son, Black Wolf. The boys grow up together and good-naturedly compete for the affections of pretty Rising Star. In a competition, Shining Sky accidentally kills Black Wolf, is forced from the tribe, and finds work in a nearby town where he pretends to be a mute. A townswoman named Isabella flirts with him but when he spurns her she yells "Rape!" Bart Ryder, henchman of the local "Colonel," runs Shining Sky out of town, hangs him by the wrists, and leaves him to die. Crazy Bull rescues Shining Sky and takes him back to the Indian village where he's reunited with Rising Star. Ryder, however, seeks to finish the job of killing the "White Apache."
3001 ::: Back to Natural: A Documentary Film (2016) ::: Back to Natural: A Documentary Film is a groundbreaking 75-minute documentary film that takes a shocking and emotional look at the intersection of hair, politics, and identity in Black communities. This documentary is a powerful, thought provoking, call for healing that takes a grass roots approach to exploring the globalized policing of natural black hair. Join us on this journey of discovery and enlightenment while celebrating our history and natural styles that are taking the world by storm.
3002 ::: Creating the Kraken (2006) ::: This documentary includes notes from Elliott, Rossio, Arenberg, Bruckheimer, Knightley, Knoll, Verbinski, Nichols, Depp, sequence supervisor Francois Lambert, special effects coordinator Allen Hall, on-set foreman Andrew Weder, and special effects coordinator Michael Lantieri. We get a few comments about the creature itself before we find details related to the movie's depiction of it. This follows some practical elements on the set as well as the visual effects techniques used.
3003 ::: Mappilai (1989) ::: Aarumugam makes a blazing entrance, gatecrashing a marriage to abduct the bride. Geetha, the bride's friend, gets him arrested but then learns that he had rescued the girl from a forced marriage. Further revelations about him that he is a gold medalist and has a good heart make her fall in love with him. After some convincing, Aarumugam reciprocates too. Meanwhile, Aarumugam's sister is in love with the son of a rich woman Rajarajeswari. When Rajarajeswari learns of this, she foists a false case on her and puts her in jail. It is then that Aarumugam has his first encounter with Rajarajeswari. He then learns that she is none other than Geetha's mother. He also invites Geetha's mother Rajarajeswari to his marriage. At that time he calls his friend (played by Chiranjeevi) and tells him that during his marriage there are goons who will try to stop it. He requests Chiranjeevi to look after the rowdies and he comes, fights off the goons, attends the marriage and goes. Since Aarumugam has married Geetha against her mother's wishes, Rajarajeswari vows to separate them while Aarumugam vows to prevent that and make Rajarajeswari understand that love and affection are more important than money.
3004 ::: L'île des esclaves (????) ::: Iphicrate and his slave Arlequin find themselves shipwrecked on Slave Island, a place where masters become slaves and slaves become masters. Trivelin, the governor of the island, makes Arlequin and Iphicrate, as well as Euphrosine and her slave Cléanthis, change roles, clothes, and names. Both Arlequin and Cléanthis take advantage of the situation to expose the frivolities and fickleness of their masters. However, Arlequin is ultimately touched by the tears of Euphrosine, who is suffering from humiliation at the hands of Cléanthis. Arlequin and Iphicrate make amends and return to their original roles; Euphrosine and Cléanthis do the same. Trivelin reveals that had Arlequin and Cléanthis not pardonned their masters, that they would have been punished.
3005 ::: The Case for Shania Twain (2002) ::: A retrospective of Shania's career, impact and the accomplishments that she achieved since arriving in Nashville, including her music, performances and featuring over 20 interviews with Shania's peers and many of the people who were there for the journey. Guest interviews include: Reba McEntire, Jo Dee Messina, Chely Wright and others.
3006 ::: Blinder (2015) ::: Blinder gives us dry facts and retina-scouring light without telling us what to do with these things. The film consists of 6386 photographs representing every character and object featured in the English translation of José Saramago's novel Ensaio sobre a Cegueira. In conceptual parallel with these images, Blinder's soundtrack is comprised of 6386 audio samples extracted from Blindness, Fernando Meirelles' feature film based on Saramago's novel.
3007 ::: Gangsters Gamblers Geezers (2016) ::: Gangsters, Gamblers and Geezers is story about two lovable losers, Krish and Lee who get fired from their call centre jobs. After spending all their money in a crazy month of partying, they have no money to pay to Olu, their Nigerian landlord. Olu gives the boys 48 hours to pay their rent or else 'things will get biblical'. With the clock ticking, the boys are forced to embark on an adventure that sees them get involved with two warring London gangsters, a gang of money laundering gypsies, a terrorist gang, a cross dressing dwarf and much, much more! A series of misunderstandings lead to Krish and Lee being named the most dangerous men in Europe, with the Mi5 and Scotland Yard hot on their tails. The boys need to find a way to escape the mayhem and find the money to pay their rent. After numerous ups and downs, the boys get their money and their dream girls and learn an important lesson that it is hard work as opposed to elaborate 'get rich quick' schemes that get them everything they want in the end.
3008 ::: Nixon by Nixon: In His Own Words (2014) ::: From 1971 to 1973, Richard Nixon secretly recorded his private conversations in the White House. This revealing film chronicles the content of those tapes, which include Nixon's conversations on the war in Vietnam, the Pentagon Papers leak, his Supreme Court appointments, and more--while also exposing many of the 'blunt and candid' statements made by the President about women, people of color, Jews, and the media.
3009 ::: Staten Island Comedy Festival (2009) ::: Joel Richardson puts on Staten Islands first every comedy festival. See how Soul Joel Productions orchestrates this groundbreaking festival and get a behind the scene look at the comedians before and after performing. Live performances from Otto & George, Mike Gaffney, JP Justice and many more.
3010 ::: Costume Quest (2010) ::: A brother and sister go out trick or treating on Halloween. One of them dresses up as a candy corn and is captured by creatures called grubbins, who are trying to steal all of the candy in town. Now, the other kid has to team up with other neighborhood kids to rescue the captured sibling and get the candy back.
3011 ::: "Driven" (2014) ::: After spending 4 years in school studying to be a lawyer Nathan Williams turns up in Memphis, Tennessee to search for his brother and ends up assuming the identity of a federal agent. With exceptional combat training and a more direct form of justice, the young agent is more than a match for existing terrorist, Victor Montgomery.
3012 ::: African Safari (2013) ::: Filmmaker Ben Stassen and cinematographer Sean MacLeod Phillips return to southern Africa for a whole new adventure. Animal behaviorist Kevin Richardson - "The Lion Whisperer" - guides audiences on an extraordinary journey across the most spectacular sceneries on earth: from the picturesque coastal desert dunes of Namibia, through the natural wonder of the Ngorongoro crater and then on to the breathtaking Victoria Falls. The film delivers startlingly close encounters with lions, cheetahs, leopards, black rhinoceros and elephants. This is the trek of a lifetime, so get ready to be immersed in the real wild Africa - where there are no fences for your protection.
3013 ::: Yeah Sure Okay (2008) ::: Living in a sea of diversity and a myriad of styles only makes it harder to cope with being alone. A man in a red shirt is on a constant search for a companion. A man in a blue shirt is stuck in the past, dwelling on an irretrievable loss. When an overpoweringly attractive mystery girl appears in their lives, stagnation gives way to action... but not without a flood of skilled rivals blocking the way. With each new confrontation and the alarming presence of a seething man in black, will the hope of love and balance become too much to fight for? YEAH SURE OKAY is a story told without dialogue, in a place where looking for love makes the world an arena.
3014 ::: The Road to Mandalay (2016) ::: Lianqing and Guo meet when they smuggle themselves into Thailand. Lianqing finds a job as a dishwasher in a restaurant while Guo works in a textile factory in the suburb. Guo really likes Lianqing, but Lianqing just focuses on getting the Thai ID card. They are two people with contradictory personalities, however they seem to be bound by fate. When Lianqing gets hold of the ID card, their love is doomed.
3015 ::: La jungle (2006) ::: In Paris, Vincent Larchet and Mathias Warkhevytch have been best friends since childhood. They share a rented apartment belonging to Vincent's father, who is an important anesthetist of a hospital in Paris, and with whom Vincent does not have a good relationship. Vincent does not work or study, having left Law School after being dumped by his girlfriend Alessia Massari. He is a selfish liar, cheater, lazy and disloyal man that likes to criticize others to protect himself. However, he is worshiped by Mathias, who misses his former girlfriend, Natacha, and is working on a never ending thesis. On Matthias' birthday, Vincent breaks into his father's apartment to celebrate with his friends, but his father unexpectedly returns from a trip and finds a complete mess. He challenges Vincent and Matthias to survive in the streets of Paris for seven days and seven nights with seven Euros. They accept the bet and along the period, Vincent learns the value of the unconditional friendship and loyalty.
3016 ::: Tomorrow Echoes (2017) ::: What if you had the chance to go back? To rewrite your own history. To change just one thing from your past. Would you? What if you didn't have a choice? David finds himself in the position of being able to rewrite a part of his own past, and save Megan.
3017 ::: Plastic Planet (2009) ::: Werner Boote presents an up-close and personal view of the controversial and fascinating material that has found its way into every facet of our daily lives: plastic. He takes us on a journey around the globe, showing that plastics have become a threat for both environment and human health.
3018 ::: Meme Man: ReResurrection (????) ::: Brace yourselves, because Bruhmemes Productions is bringing you the horror film of the year. Meme Man is the first movie from Bruhmemes Productions and is about 2 teenage boys who unearth the dark secret buried deep into their world - and they're gonna catch it all on tape. The Meme Man is an extra-terrestrial being with supernatural powers living in the woods near our heroes' houses. Nobody knows much about him, but after a daring encounter with this otherworldly being, they are determined to find out the secret of the legend of the Meme Man
3019 ::: Cime tempestose (2004) ::: New adaptation of Emily Brontë's famous novel, a story of love and uncontrollable passion, exploring the deepest feelings to the extremes to which love can lead us, especially when there are many obstacles to overcome. A Yorkshire melancholy story about a love stronger than death.
3020 ::: I bambini ci guardano (1944) ::: The film follows the anguish of the four-year-old, Prico, after his mother, Nina, leaves his father, Andrea, for her lover Roberto. Prico is sent to his aunt and then to his grandmother. Nina returns when Prico is sick and vows to give up Roberto, even though he persists in seeing her. The family situation gradually improves until they take a holiday on the Italian Riviera.
3021 ::: Tales from the Warner Bros. Lot (2013) ::: In honor of 90 years of Warner Bros., viewers learn the history of the Hollywood studio and are given a behind-the-scenes tour of the studio grounds (including the famous backlot). Actors, directors, and others share anecdotes from their experiences with Warner Bros. over the years.
3022 ::: Proudly We Served: The Men of the USS Mason (2011) ::: This is the thrilling true story of the USS Mason (DE 529) and its crew, the only African-American sailors to take a U.S. Navy warship into battle during World War II. They challenged the segregation of the U.S. Military, fought the Nazi U-boats, and won. Narrated by actor Ossie Davis, the film interweaves the personal stories of individual crew members with archival footage of the ship and crew produced by the Navy. As a result of the media attention created by this documentary and its companion book, the crew members of the USS Mason were finally awarded the Letters of Commendation which they were recommended for in 1944, but had not received for 50 years. Proud, an award-winning dramatic feature film based on this story, stars Ossie Davis in his last movie role. Broadcast on PBS stations nationwide.
3023 ::: The Adventures of Daniel (2010) ::: Nineteen-year-old Daniel,a stand-up comedian,is dating the sweet Emma, but her father disapproves of his career,preferring the smarmy go-getter Matt Spencer,who is going out with Suzie,his other daughter. Daniel sees an opportunity for revenge when he invites Matt to do an open mike spot at his stand-up club, anticipating that he will bomb. In fact he is a huge success. At least Emma's parents appreciate that Daniel has a career and show him some respect. However this is instantly withdrawn when Daniel gets his arm stuck in a condom dispensing machine,in anticipation of a night with Emma whilst the parents are away.
3024 ::: Violet (2000) ::: Sweet, innocent Lisa is kidnapped by a red-haired thug. When her roommate, Holly, returns home, she finds a ransom note. Rather than paying the ransom, Holly tries to track down the kidnapper alone, which only results in her capture. Now the thug has two lovely hostages, but no one to pay cash for their return. What will be the ladies' fate?
3025 ::: Tabula Rosa (2015) ::: A man saves a woman from the deadly threat of a runaway kokorec cart and then realizes she lost her memory. He lets her stay at his house and hires her at his restaurant, only to find out that she still remembers how to cook kuru fasulye, dolma, nohut, patates oturtma, bulgur pilavi, mercimek corbasi, sarma, patlican dolmasi, pirinc pilavi - basically, everything except kokorec.
3026 ::: Believe It or Not #10 (1931) ::: This entry in the Believe It or Not series (#10) finds Mr. Ripley aboard a US naval ship speaking to a group of sailors. The film he shows them includes items on a Mr. Curt Thompson, a blind telephone operator, and John R. Voorhees, who, at age 102, has voted 81 times since his 21st birthday. The finale is a demonstration of skill by Otto Reiselt, the three-cushion billiards champion.
3027 ::: Chasing the Fly (2005) ::: Chasing the Fly, interweaves the conscious with the subconscious by using Freud's psychoanalytical works as context to explore the ambiguous space that exists in the moments transitioning from the dreamscape to the waking world. How much of the world is defined by our dreams or how much of our dreams are defined by the world?
3028 ::: "Fast Track" (2011) ::: Cam begins her first day as the subject of a student documentary as she and Kris try to keep their writer's group together and Kris has a crisis of confidence. Cam's meeting with Mel doesn't go well, but Mel manages to get her an important pitch meeting.
3029 ::: Café Hector (1996) ::: Cafe Hector is the new in-place for the chic, high-flying, articulate jet-set, where steaming cups of cappuccino accompany their trendy chit-chat. Uffe is definitely not "in". He can't get a cappuccino, but he is given permission, just this once, to use the toilet. But Uffe is prepared for the situation. He can't take any more humiliation and he is armed!
3030 ::: Pépé perdu (2012) ::: After finishing High school the young Pépé desires to look for his emigrant Grandpa in France. Without any announcement, with only a worn out picture Pépé goes on path. Al tough Pépé enjoys the new adventures, his trip to France brings in an unpleasant surprise...
3031 ::: "Fallout: Survivng the Wasteland" (2016) ::: Fallout Surviving the Wasteland takes place in the world of Fallout 4. Vault 101 wanderer shows others that are new to the wasteland tips and tricks on how to survive. From food to combat the show takes an in depth guide to making it alive.
3032 ::: The Avengers: A Visual Journey (2012) ::: The premise was to keep 'The Avengers' grounded and real. Marvel also wanted Joss Whedon to work on making the helicarrier a real occurrence, so minds got to work. One wants to know how things happened and where the future might take them after watching this film.The helicarrier is an all digital creation. The NASA space airless facility was used to help create a scene for the tesseract.
3033 ::: Til Death Do Us Part (2012/II) ::: For years Diane (Christine Tarbox) has been sliding into a deep depression brought on by the constant emotional and verbal abuse by her husband, Rick (Daniel Stillwell). The final straw breaks when Diane witnesses Rick shamelessly flirting with one of Diane's friends Beth. When she confronts him, he shows no regret and pushes her further until she finally snaps. She is left with haunting consequences.
3034 ::: "Aftermath" (2016) ::: The family seem to have found the perfect place to hold up when Karen bumps into an old friend who seems a little too flirty for Joshua's liking. Karen is the only one to hear the cries of a Banshee and Aunt Sally fights her way back to her family.
3035 ::: Der Schut (1964) ::: On his adventurous travels trough the Ottoman empire, Kara ben-Nemsi (the Turkish-Arabic name means 'black(bearded) German', so author Karl May, whose alter-ego he is, would consider shaved blond Lex Barker miscast) and his bragging but helpless 'protector' hajji Halef pass the land of the Skipetars (modern Albanians, one of the few Balkanic people who adopted the Turkish Muslim faith) where a whole region is terrorized by the many accomplices of the secretive 'Schut', one of whose rackets is kidnapping for ransom locals and especially wealthy travelers such as Kara's friend Omar's fiancée. After unmasking the mübarek, a local phony 'magician', and dealing with some other ruffians and corruption, he and Lord Lindsay -who for once succeeds in escaping with his butler Archie by his own ruse- find out the Shut is actually the wealthy Persian carpet merchant Nirwan and set out to finish him off.
3036 ::: The Republic of Wonderland (2013) ::: Soon after sunset the streets of many towns in the Middle East, the Balkans, and Central Asia become desolate. The flocks of youngsters that huddle around in various corners disperse. The streets empty of strollers. Mobile phones are put on silent and rarely answered. The young, the middle-aged, and the old, males and females, withdraw into the family living rooms to join the daily ritual - watching their favourite Turkish dramas. What is it that has millions of people from around the world glued to their television screens each evening? A Republic of Wonderland unravels the secret behind this astounding success, through the eyes of women and men from different corners of the world together with insights from the most successful producers and actors in Turkish TV and most importantly gives a distinctive perspective on how Turkey and Turkish people are perceived and known in the world today.
3037 ::: Aphrodisiac (2017) ::: Everyone has, directly or indirectly, experienced love and infidelity. It makes us feel uncomfortable and it leaves a permanent mark never to be forgotten. Some people cheat for fun while others necessity. The best way to find out why people do what they do is to ask them. New York is a large state and the home of the largest city in the Unites States, New York City. It is a melting pot of culture, food, and ideologies. As a result of the diversity, New York is the perfect place to converse with everyday people about their experience with the temptation of infidelity.
3038 ::: Larry David: Curb Your Enthusiasm (1999) ::: Larry David, co-creator and co-writer with Jerry Seinfeld of the Seinfeld series, decides to make a come-back to stand-up comedy. His agent, Jeff Greene, has even more ambitious plans - make a TV special of the occasion, including showing the planning behind the show. This is that TV special. Sort of.
3039 ::: The Vicious Circle (1948) ::: In Hungary, a rich baron discovers that there are extensive oil deposits underneath nearby properties owned by villagers. He manages to convince all the property owners to sell to him, except for a few properties owned by Jewish families. Infuriated at their refusal to sell to him, he attempts, with the help of some corrupt local police, to have the men charged with the murder of a local woman, who in reality actually committed suicide.
3040 ::: Taddo (1997) ::: Taddo is the story of "the oldest barber in Brooklyn." An ex-boxer, guitar player and tango aficionado, Salvatore "Taddo" Camarda is the product of a gritty Brooklyn neighborhood, and he has held onto his shop, and the craft of cutting hair for a lifetime. Enter Taddo's barbershop, and you enter the magical world of a legendary Brooklyn craftsman. Though business may be failing, and the neighborhood is changing faster than he cares for, Taddo has endured. From the days when mom-and-pop stores and pushcart vendors accented the urban streets to the anonymous supermarkets of today, Taddo's grace, humor and humanity have shone through. And so has his love for life, his friends and "a good scissor haircut."
3041 ::: Wenn Poldi ins Manöver zieht (1956) ::: The guys from the 69th Infantry are an easy going bunch but they'll have to shape up for the "maneuvers". They've lost the mock "war" fourteen times already and Fraeulein Liesl and other lovely distractions make them forget all about the "maneuvers" once again.
3042 ::: Zack and Michael (2008) ::: Zack and Michael is a mockumentary series about two actors from New York trying to make it in Show Business. NBC discovered these guys after seeing them perform in an Off-Off-Broadway play and gave them the opportunity to document their lives. The following videos were intended to be broadcast on national television to teach America more about the life of an actor. But something went terribly wrong and the show never aired. What follows are the missing tapes...
3043 ::: Scotland Yard: The Golden Thread (1971) ::: David Niven hosts this behind-the-scenes tour of England's famous law enforcement establishment. It's highlight is a look at the yard's legendary Black Museum, which is repository of crime memorabilia from a century's worth of criminal infamy including Jack the ripper.
3044 ::: Joy Comes in the Morning (2017) ::: The story 1st involves a mother and daughter who were diagnosed with cancer six months apart (their journey) After death of the mother who waited too late to get help, the daughter dedicates her life to helping those who will and won't survive. This story will highlight six case histories and show the world that cancer has no boundaries as to age, gender, race, nationality, or financial status. By: Norman Ray Fitts
3045 ::: The Road to Coronation Street (2010) ::: In 1960 a former child actor with writing ambitions,Mancunian Tony Warren begins submitting television scripts for 'Shadow Squad' to progressive Canadian producer Harry Elton,who wants to nurture local talent. Tony,however,is keen to sell a drama he has written about real Northerners,called 'Florizel Street',after a picture of Prince Florizel in his office. Harry is supportive but Granada studio boss Sidney Bernstein is lukewarm,feeling it is seedy and unglamorous. Fortunately his brother Cecil sees the virtue in cheaply made studio drama with local actors and,with writer Harry Kershaw and director Derek Bennett on board,the street's residents are cast. Thirteen episodes are commissioned but the pivotal character of battle-axe Ena Sharples is proving impossible to cast until Tony brings in a cantankerous old actress from his radio days - Violet Carson. She is perfect. Less perfect is the title,which the tea lady says sounds like disinfectant. A new title must be found quickly - and so 'Coronation Street' is born.
3046 ::: A Hungarian Symphony (2015/I) ::: A Hungarian Symphony is an approach to the Hungarian community in Argentina . Through the observation of its members, we can access to the Hungarian universe, conformed kilometers away from their homeland . Books encapsulated,lonely melodies, in the daily life of this community, begins to show the decline of their culture.
3047 ::: L'ingenua (1975) ::: Piero Spazin (George Ardisson) is a con artist who meets his friend Luigi Beton (Daniele Vargas), a fraudster, and the two get engaged in a new fraud scheme, also attempting to trick each other at the same time. Angela (Staller), a supposedly naive employee of Piero's fiancee Augusta (Anna Maria Pescatori) becomes accidentally involved in their plan and agrees to accompany them on their journey. However, joining of Susy (Orchidea De Santis), another con artist to the group after meeting Luigi's son Rodolfo (Graziano Chiaro) makes things even more complicated.
3048 ::: Tôkyô oashisu (2011) ::: The floating clouds between the high buildings, the lines of the taillights under the moonlight, the swirling human waves... Every view in Tokyo looks as if it is alive. Before even she realizes, TOUKO starts to run away from somewhere in the city. As an actress in a fantasy world, Touko seems to have lost her grip on reality. Along her journey, she makes acquaintance with people who carry similar issues. A midnight truck driver NAGANO, who happens to give Touko a ride, is grappling with the discovery of his soul, and his soul is unable to move forward. His escape from reality is to continually move from place to place. A movie theater manager KIKUCHI is uncertain of her life. She has moved to new surroundings but feels more lost than ever. A young job seeker at the zoo YASUKO has no faith in her future. She thinks that the luck is slipping away from her. During the extraordinary time they spend together Touko and the 3 characters start to feel a new awareness growing and discover a natural freedom. Together they feel the sense of change taking place. The moment they find the oasis within. Finally, Touko begins to walk again with lightened steps toward a new beginning of everyday life in Tokyo.
3049 ::: The Revolt of Mamie Stover (1956) ::: Set in the early '40s, a San Francisco prostitute is run out of town just as the second World War has begun to intensify. Mamie settles down in Hawaii, hoping to start a new life. Though her prospects look good when she falls in love with a science-fiction writer who treats her with the respect she deserves, the dawning war and the fallacies of her previous lifestyle complicate their budding romance. Mamie cannot fully remove herself from her former profession, and provides some of her old services to the sailors stationed in town. Searching for another means of financial security, Mamie invests in several pieces of real estate and becomes quite wealthy, though her bad reputation has not been forgotten by the locals.
3050 ::: Desert of Blood (2008) ::: In Tecate, Mexico, an American tourist is hunting a treasure buried in the sand of a ghost town with his girlfriend Amy. However, he digs the grave of the vampire Luis Diego, who was buried thirty-five years ago by his friend Father Hernandez. Luis Diego kills the tourist and leaves Amy contaminated in the desert. Then he meets his former sweetheart Sarita, who has a stroke after seeing him. In Malibu, California, Sarita's niece Maricela and her best friends Heather and Samantha are on vacation and they decide to travel to Mexico to help her family. The local Cris and his family decide to give a party to Maricela and her friends; however, when Luis Diego sees the girl, he recalls Sarita and decides to give a second chance to his love. But he is a vampire and his love is impossible. A character-driven horror film about a vampire who escapes from fifty years of captivity beneath the Mexican desert. On his quest for vengeance, he is unexpectedly sidetracked when he falls in love with a young woman visiting from the States. His efforts to deny the monster inside him ultimately prove hopeless, as his ever-growing rage finally triggers a bloody terror spree.
3051 ::: Playing with Dolls: Bloodlust (2016) ::: Stina a single mother has fallen on hard times. When she has hit rock bottom she is offered a job on a reality horror show, with the promise of a million dollars to the winner. The group of contestants are taken to the deep woods where they must fight to be the last man/woman not caught by the slasher. Unbeknownst to the contestants the slasher is not an actor. They have just started a game that may be their last.
3052 ::: Curbside Confessions (2009) ::: Curbside Confessions is composed of four main stories taking place in one night and how the decisions made by the characters from each story effect the lives of characters from other stories. Each story deals with its own story arc. One of the stories, titled Call of Duty, deals with the call of duty; when does one forsaken duty for loved ones. Another, Paid in Full, deals with the distance one man would go for his undying loyalty towards his best friend. Another, Hand We're Dealt/Fruition, deals with one man's choice between a way of life he feels he can not change and the way of life he wants to give his loved one. The last story arc, Partners, deals with the partnership between two hitmen. The main theme deals with how our decisions not only effect our lives, but the lives of others and in turn how their decisions effect our lives. We are all held accountable for our actions - choose wisely.
3053 ::: "3 Non-Blondes" (2003) ::: Gary Reich, the man who started the hidden-camera careers of Sacha Baron Cohen (Da Ali G Show) and Dom Joly (Trigger Happy TV), has found three women to take to the streets and carry the genre just that little bit further. Nothing is sacred and no-one is safe.
3054 ::: La chambre (1975) ::: In a 360° circular panoramic shot the camera slowly pans an entire apartment (or house). When it first passes the bedroom there is nobody there but each time it shows the room again Chantal Akerman is sitting on the bed, motionless first, then busy doing something (peeling an orange, eating an orange, etc.). When she is last seen she yawns and lies down on her bed. The camera continues panning but after 10 minutes and 21 seconds the film comes to an end and she can't be seen asleep.
3055 ::: Thunderflop (2016) ::: Zach and Viggo: Thunderflop is the debut show of Gaulier-trained, international comedy duo Zach Zucker and Viggo Venn. Following the fun and constantly changing at the drop of a dime, these two superheroes bring their high energy and low intelligence all over the world.
3056 ::: Sal (1963) ::: The poor farmers of Muju in Cheonbuk Province cannot get enough water to irrigate their rice. They attempt many times to build a canal to the Geum River, but fail each time. After the military coup of 1962 however, the government gives its full support and helps the villagers succeed.
3057 ::: The Good Years: A Blimpumentary (2017) ::: After 92 years of designing, building, and operating their own blimps, The Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company is transitioning from its classic model GZ-20 blimps that have flown for more than half of the company's airship history to a modern airship designed by Zeppelin. The last operating GZ-20 model blimps operated from Goodyear's Carson, California base. Director Brian Wiklem chronicles the operation of a Goodyear Blimp on a cross-country tour from Los Angeles up the Pacific Northwest. Following the Goodyear Blimp Spirit of America from the start of its last summer tour to the U.S. Open at Chambers Bay, Washington, Wiklem captures intimate moments with the men and women behind the aerial brand icon and leads the audience on an incredible journey through a bygone form of aviation. The views are extraordinary.
3058 ::: Piano Dreams: The Movie (2007) ::: Two composers from opposite musical worlds (ear playing and sight reading) race to learn to communicate with each other in order to meet a career-defining deadline. Will they land the job co-writing music for the biggest blockbuster movie ever, or will the blackmailing, femme fatale mother of despised unethical composer Rachmanibach succeed in setting them up to fail? Join our heroes as they sashay through film noir parodies, court rooms, psychiatrist offices and dream sequences -- and meet an odd assortment of characters who give them clues about how to understand each other. At the same time, the viewer learns how songs work, how to play music right away, and how easy (and fun) it is to LIVE OUT THEIR PIANO (and music) DREAMS!
3059 ::: "Darcy and Day" (2017) ::: Following the free spirited hustle of Darcy as she launches her brand new pillow company. The chaos in her life is upped tenfold as her main squeeze pursues a gangster rap career without any understanding of music. As a fly on the wall, viewers will see heart, hustle, and hardcore rap lyrics as the couple breed their tender relationship with unforgiving careers.
3060 ::: The Casting Director (1968) ::: A short silent comedy in which a young actress enters a casting director's office for an audition. The director (loveable Bob Cresse) appears to be bored by her demonstration of acting and cuts to the nitty gritty. The actress is unabashed and procedes to do a striptease. As she completes her "act" the door opens to admit... the REAL casting director! The bogus director fumbles with his fancy cravat, removing it and begins to use it as a duster... exit the office cleaner, stage left.
3061 ::: Ars Technica: How Much Everyone Working on a $250 Million Video Game Earns (2017) ::: Find out the budget breakdown of a hypothetical AAA video game. In using the budgets of actual +250MM blockbuster video games as references, this video excludes non-human costs, and reflects an approximation of the take-home pay of all humans involved over a period of 5 years. Disclaimer: Please note not every budget breakdown is the same, and some roles are subject to wider fluctuations than others. This is here to serve as approximations based on a hypothetical video game which has never been made.
3062 ::: The Diabolical (2014) ::: 13 year old Micah's life has been full of trouble from its beginning. She's never known her father, lost her mother to cancer several years ago and more recently suffered the loss of her older sister Erin. Five months after being orphaned her cousin Noah and Uncle Tom take her in. Things seem normal at first but quickly take a turn for the worse. Micah begins to experience black outs, the "missing time phenomenon" and other supernatural manifestations. When it becomes violent, Micah and those around her come to the disturbing realization that something is after her - intent on harming her and those closest to her.
3063 ::: "Above the Line" (2014) ::: Hosts AJ Mandeville and Ryan Wydeveld take you on a fun-filled trip through Indywood, the bustling world of independent film thriving in Northern California. Above the Line features segments like "Pints and the Pipeline", where our hosts get to know up-and-coming projects and talent over an ice cold pint of locally brewed beer; "Martini Shots", where we enjoy a hand-crafted martini with Producers and Directors as their projects wrap; "Chewing the Scene", in which we sit down one-on-one with actors to discuss especially powerful or talented scenes and their process of bringing them to life; and "All Set Up", a DIY series about the secrets of movie magic.
3064 ::: Non Existent (????) ::: Growing up in Camp Vacant as Slave 0033321, Lotus is blind to the truth and the reality outside of her confined world. Lotus has never been allowed outside of the camp walls, so when her friend Brick disappears from camp, Lotus and her friends find the courage to escape Camp Vacant in the hopes of finding him. Along their journey, Lotus and her friends realize the problems are bigger then just Brick's rescue as they discover that only a select few citizens control all of the city of Iron Haven's natural resources. With help from the Hackers, a teenage underground militia group of outcasts, Lotus and her friends set out to unravel Iron Haven's darkest secrets as they uncover the truth of the city's past.
3065 ::: Pathogen (2006/I) ::: In this psychological thriller, a desperate mother tries to protect her daughter from a dark bitter past. But when a determined husband joins in their daughter's struggle to resist, motives turn deadly when the mother's inner tempest threatens to destroy the entire family.
3066 ::: Dao shi xia shan (2015) ::: Based on Xu Haofeng's novel A Monk Comes Down the Mountain, the film relates the story of a listless young Taoist cleric called He Anxia who is ejected from his impoverished monastery and finds himself playing Virgil in an infernal 1930s Chinese city. From the acclaimed director of Farewell My Concubine comes a martial-arts caper about a young monk who embarks on an adventurous journey after being kicked out of his monastery. As he faces the trials, tribulations and seduction of the real world for the first time, he encounters many masters along the way. Boss Zha (Chang Chen,Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon), an opera singer with a knack for spears as well as Zhou Xiyu (Asian pop superstar, Aaron Kwok), a broom wielding Taoist. Get ready for masterful and astonishing martial arts sequences that elevate the art of physical combat to a new level as this fable of good versus evil unfolds.
3067 ::: "Yellow" (2017) ::: It's 1896, and the bitter rivalry between newspaper magnates Joseph Pulitzer and William Randolph Hearst reaches boiling point. In a rapidly changing New York characterised by crime, struggle and scandal, Yellow Journalism is born. Newspapers will never be the same again.
3068 ::: The Silent Force (2001) ::: An elite Federal force whose objective is to eliminate organized crime is violently assassinated by an evil Asian crime lord. The sole survivor of the group teams up with his late partner's widow to strike back at the crime lord and his son.
3069 ::: Personality Plus (2009) ::: An FBI agent's daughter is kidnapped by a mobster who suffers from multiple personality disorder - can the FBI agent unravel the maze of personas and worlds to save his daughter?
3070 ::: The Eulogy (????) ::: Jimmy Holiday III (rumored-descendant) of John "Doc" Holiday, has lived a life as his name suggests, 3 times over what any one man ever has (including his notorious great-great grandfather) or will. Including 2 escapes from prison, witnessing the death of his father at the age of 5 in his hometown New Orleans, and the beat goes on - This is his eulogy, written by the only person who could ever accurately do so - Jimmy himself.
3071 ::: Sherry Ann (2001) ::: A few years ago, the Supreme Court found four construction workers innocent of the Sherry Ann Duncan (a half Thai-American) murder case (1986) after they had already spent several years in jail. One died in captivity, while another was crippled as a result of the police interrogation that forced the confessions. The four were arrested and sentenced to life imprisonment by the criminal court, on the basis of fake police evidence. Years later, a new investigation team reopened the case at the request of the victim's boyfriend. New suspects were arrested, who were sentenced to life imprisonment by the Supreme Court. But no police investigators have ever been punished for the fake evidence that wrongly put the four construction workers behind bars. This movie relates this story and is 100% true.
3072 ::: Howitzer Tales: The Survivalist (2017) ::: 23 years after a massive solar flare ravaged the Earth, a young revolutionary is sent by his mentor into the Wildlands on one final training mission. Along the way he is forced to contend with the forces of nature as well as the remnants of a cannibalistic tribe bent on proving a point about humanity's destructive nature. All he has are his skills, his mind, the contents of his backpack, and a beat up leather-bound journal titled "The Survivalist", to help him overcome both the Wildlands and the darkness that it hides.
3073 ::: The Cutting Room (2015/I) ::: College students Raz, Charlie and Jess are about to start work on their end of year Media Studies project... unaware of a malevolent force lurking deep below their sleepy town. A recent wave of apparent Cyberbullying and the disappearance of two local girls lead the group to an abandoned army barracks situated deep in the forests that surround the college. What they find there is a terrifying labyrinth of tunnels from which there seems no escape... and a dark figure hell bent on tormenting them. Hunted, frightened and lost, Raz, Charlie and Jess must now escape the barracks or suffer the unspeakable fate that awaits them.
3074 ::: All the Dirt on 'A Dirty Shame' (2005) ::: "All the Dirt on A Dirty Shame" is a behind-the-scenes documentary about John Waters' sexploitation movie, "A Dirty Shame". In it, Waters, his cast and crew discuss everything from their love of shooting movies in Baltimore, various sex fetishes, its NC-17 rating, the prosthetics design of Selma Blair's breasts to insights on the origins and formation of the 'Dreamlanders' and the history of sexploitation films.
3075 ::: The Thirsting (2007) ::: The Thirsting is a derivation of the Lilith myths taken from biblical texts. It centers around the story of a nun, Sister Katherine, who fled to the church seeking comfort from memories of ritualistic abuse as a child in an effort to get her to voluntarily host the spirit of Lilith - Adam's first wife and the mother of all demons. While supervising a senior college retreat, her students, Mary, Clareese, Michelle, Jackie and Tiffany, are given an assignment to research various pagan beliefs and compare them Catholic figures. Despite the efforts of three Arch-Angels (Senoi, Sansenoi and Sammangelof) to warn the girls not to toy with the occult, they do. When the girls accidentally summon Lilith, all hell breaks loose. Lilith attacks them in their dreams, in order to consume their souls, turning their secret desires and memories into deadly nightmares as she twists the girls dreamworld into deadly reality.
3076 ::: Primo Giorno di Dio (2008) ::: In one of Rome's catholic schools the year is 2008, in a Jewish classroom it is 5768, and for Muslim students who take religious instruction at the Mosque it is 1428. Director Gualtiero Peirce filmed the first contact with religious teaching of all three groups of children, whose joyful spontaneity made the key concepts of all their faiths - the devil, respect for others, heaven and the creation of the earth - seem very much alike. The little stars of the film, first and foremost children, regardless of their beliefs, make a strong case for a future of dialogue and coexistence.
3077 ::: "Lilli Palmer Theatre" (1955) ::: In Victorian times, two women meet up, it comes out that they hadn't seen each other for over fifty years, from when they worked together as chorus girls. They have a chat about old times and how their lives have changed, the most notable changes are Kitty's who went from been a working class chorus girl to a titled lady after marring Bertie, who would later become Lord Bodmin. Rosie's changes were more mundane as she just married and became Mrs. Bounce.
3078 ::: Interrogation (2002) ::: A curious young Cheer Leader wanders in to the Den of Iniquity Dungeon in New York City. She is discovered by Mistress Arianna and interogated as to the nature of her motives. After a thorough questioning and torture session, she is robbed of her cheer leading uniform which Arianna has been secretly coveting. Head Mistress Tara returns to her dungeon to find Arianna donning the skirt. Confused by where and how the young blonde has aquired this garment, Tara takes a crack at Arianna herself. She is also questioned as to Mistress Tara's slave Cheryl's coming and going in her absence. Not satisfied with the results of her query, Ms. Indiana and Arianna set out to get their answers from the source: little Miss Cheryl Lynn Kahn. They set their talent to it and the rest is Fetish history
3079 ::: Valerie Flake (1999) ::: A boozing, recently widowed young woman gives every one she comes into contact with a hard time. Initially, the viewer is led to believe that her attitude is because of the death of her husband in a motorcycle accident. However, it grows clearer as the film progresses that she just generally has a bitchy attitude about life. She moves back home with her in-laws, where she is pursued by a nice young grocer. However, his mother recognizes her as a heart breaker and warns him away and battles with her. Valerie Flake is an attractive, embittered woman with a sardonic wit and a purposely aloof manner. She has a sharp sense of humor, but underneath her droll exterior Valerie harbors a lot of pain that she doesn't know how to deal with. Valerie was devastated when her husband died tragically, and she has had trouble coping with the loss--partly because she feels indirectly responsible. Since then, Valerie has drifted through life, working days in a dead-end supermarket job (though previously was a talented painter) and trying to relive her loneliness through a succession of one-night stands. Valerie, desperately needing a change of pace, decides to travel to Palm Springs to visit her late husband's parents. But while there, Valerie unexpectedly makes the acquaintance of TIM DARNELL, a friendly supermarket manager who has also had a rough time in the romance department--and who seems to have every intention of taking their relationship as far as possible. Valerie Flake boldly shows the transformation of a woman who is slowly beginning to let love back into her life.
3080 ::: Last Cigarette (2000) ::: Dean, the supervisor at a small data-processing company, arrives at work on the day he's promised Eric, a younger colleague, that he'll stop smoking. They go outside to smoke, and Dean says it's his last. Eric bets him $100 that he won't last the night. Later that day, Dean has to lay off an older temp worker, Rita. That night, Dean can't sleep: he paces, he tears up cigarettes, he goes to a bar to see his friend Theresa. He's unbearable, so she leaves. Later that night, Dean succumbs to his addiction, but the next day, after he has paid off Eric, he goes outside for a smoke, and it just may save his life.
3081 ::: Abend - Nacht - Morgen (1920) ::: Cheston, a millionaire, is looking after Maud, a beautiful woman from the 'demimonde'. Her brother, Brilburn, forces her to ask her rich admirer for an expensive piece of jewelry. Cheston buys a precious pearl necklace, which he proudly presents that evening. Prince, a bankrupt 'bon vivant', hatches a plan to steal the necklace. He breaks into the Cheston mansion, but is surprised by the owner. Prince strikes Cheston to the ground. To make the crime look like suicide, the robber hangs his victim and makes off with the necklace. That very same night, Brilburn breaks into the Cheston mansion with the intention of stealing the necklace himself. He finds Cheston hanging, and takes him down from the rope. While trying to flee the crime scene, he is caught by the police. Cheston, who had actually only fainted, calls Detective Ward. At first the detective suspects Brilburn, whose dagger was found on the crime scene. In the end, however, Ward uncovers a piece of evidence that leads to the discovery of the real criminal: the tobacco crumbs that Prince had left on the scene.
3082 ::: Dokter Vlimmen (1977) ::: Doctor Vlimmen, the nearest Dutch equivalent to All Creatures Great and Small, is about the competent veterinarian of that name in the Dutch countryside, whose modern methods, liberal opinions and private life are considered scandalous by many of the conservative-Christian peasants. His socially more acceptable colleague Dr. Treeborg, who cares less for the animals and their rather poor owners, is thus more likely to be appointed at the public slaughterhouse and thus made untouchable, and both vets prepare legal action against each-other, thus involving Vlimmens only friend, a lawyer with whom he regularly visits Antwerp.
3083 ::: Estamira (2004) ::: Documentary about Estamira, a 63-year-old woman who's been working for over 20 years at a landfill in Rio de Janeiro. Schizophrenic, but very charismatic, she's the leader of a small community of old people living off garbage and has a very lyrical and philosophical attitude towards life. In the periphery of Rio de Janeiro, the sixty and something years old Estamira is an insane but happy woman that has been working for more than twenty years in the city dumpster in Gramacho, collecting remains for recycling or personal use. Along the documentary, we see the madness of this woman through her philosophic principles and concepts of life and religion; but further than that, we see that she was a normal married woman abused by her husband and with three daughters and one son, all of them well-raised and normal. In accordance with her older daughter, she told that she was a religious woman that worked in a supermarket; after being raped for the second time in Campo Grande, she became delusional and insane, giving up and blaming God.
3084 ::: We Married Margo (2000) ::: Based on a true story (written by and starring the two dingbats who lived it). It's about two men who both used to be married to the same woman. Now divorced from her, they move in together to try to straighten out their lives, and end up driving each other crazy.
3085 ::: NFL: Favre 4 Ever (2006) ::: NFL fans know this eight-time Pro Bowl quarterback for his gritty blue-collar persona on the field and his Hall of Fame caliber statistics in the record books. The NFL's only three-time MVP, Brett Favre started the most consecutive games by any quarterback making him the most durable QB in NFL History. Favre 4 Ever includes personal interviews with Brett and those closest to him, as they relive pivotal events of his legendary life; his near fatal car accident, disastrous rookie NFL season, unforgettable Monday Night Football performance 24 hours after his father's death, triumph over addiction to pain killers, and glorious victory in Super Bowl XXXI. Narrated by Billy Bob Thornton, Favre 4 Ever, packed with highlights and rarely seen footage from Brett's college and pro career, is the ultimate tribute to one of the NFL's greatest heroes.
3086 ::: Pigeon Man (2009) ::: Martin graduates from a prestigious university, but can't find a job after graduation. After a year of pounding the pavement, he finds himself living on the streets. One day he meets a young boy and tells him a story about the angels that watch over us. Martin thinks his life has been a failure, but the boy finds hope through his encounter with Martin.
3087 ::: Book of Paul (????) ::: In the rubble-strewn wasteland of Alphabet City, a squalid tenement conceals a treasure "beyond all imagining"-an immaculately preserved, fifth century codex. The sole repository of ancient Hermetic lore, it contains the authentic alchemical rituals for transforming thought into substance, transmuting matter at will...and attaining eternal life. When a lusty, East Village tattoo artist has a torrid encounter with a battle-hardened loner, they are overwhelmed by the intensity of their feelings. Rose and Martin soon discover they are unwitting pawns on opposing sides of a battle that has shaped the course of human history. At the center of the conflict is Paul, the villainous overlord of an underground feudal society, who guards the book's occult secrets in preparation for the fulfillment of an apocalyptic prophecy. The action is relentless as Martin and Rose fight to escape Paul's clutches and Martin's destiny as the chosen recipient of Paul's sinister legacy. Science and magic, mythology and technology converge in a monumental battle where the stakes couldn't be higher: control of the ultimate power in the universe-the Maelstrom.
3088 ::: Kanarifuglen (1973) ::: Sammen med kolleger drar Jan pĺ et seminar pĺ Kanariřyene. Allerede den fřrste dagen mřter han flyvertinnen Kari (Julie Ege), som han innleder et erotiskt forhold til. Senere, under en svřmmetur med sjefen, skjer det noe dramatisk som vil forandre deler av hans fremtidige karriere og liv.
3089 ::: X-Mass '73 (1995) ::: A long-haired hippy in a tie-dyed shirt sits on a couch in front of a coffee table where several packets of LSD lie. He examines them: one is from Iowa, one from Minnesota, and one from the West Coast. That's the one he drops. He flips TV channels, finds "It's a Wonderful Life," and settles in to watch his favorite movie. As his acid trip begins, he starts talking like Jimmy Stewart, imagining himself as George Bailey. By the time the TV movie ends and Clarence gets his wings, our tripping hippie has taken his own flight of fancy.
3090 ::: Jacques Brel op de Marquisen (2005) ::: Documentary about the last years of the life of singer 'Jacques Brel (I)' (qv) on the Marquesas Islands. 'Maddly Bamy' (qv), his last love, and a number of locals talk about the years Brel spend on the island while the camera shows us the beauty of the island. Of course, several songs of Brel can be heard throughout the documentary.
3091 ::: War of the Dead: Z.E.R.O. (2007) ::: WAR OF THE DEAD: Z-E-R-O is an episodic series that follows a squad of four Z-E-R-O Security personnel on their various missions to destroy zombie outbreaks. They are a group of violent, dysfunctional, yet elite soldiers who are mentally and physically trained to handle the stresses of this line of work, even if they are ill-prepared to handle the stresses of life.
3092 ::: The Down (2015) ::: The story is started from Wongtanong, the Indy magazine founder called A Day from Thailand who've been traveled to Italy and found that the family of the down syndrome people they let the Down syndrome kids live a normal life as everybody else. Therefore, he wish to know more about Thailand's Down syndrome kids situation in Thailand, his home town. Finally he met 5 of most interesting THAI's Down syndrome kids who live a normal but wonderful life.
3093 ::: Gospodin Nikoy (1969) ::: A ravishing double agent Emil leaves for a large Western city where he joins the staff of a spy group operating against Bulgaria. Here he meets the elderly Mladenov. With his help, Emil gets an editorial job in a Bulgarian-language magazine. Dimov heads the spy center. Kralev is his deputy. Kralev wants to become a chief and tries to eliminate those who stand in his way. Emil is among them. Lida, Mladenov's daughter has defected from Bulgaria. Disillusioned, she asks Emil to help her to return. He helps her to hide in a small provincial town. Kralev forces him to give away the address. Emil goes to Lida's hotel, but before he arrives here, Kralev blocks his way. Emil makes short work of him. Together with Lida, they hire a speedboat, which rushes them to a Bulgarian ship.
3094 ::: Caught from Behind 9 (1988) ::: Three friends plan a sailing trip, but on the day they're to go sailing the weather turns bad and the trip is called off. Dejected, they decide to drown their sorrows at a local brothel called Madame Layla's, which specializes in clients who are partial to anal sex.
3095 ::: Fun on the Ice (1903) ::: This picture shows a number of boys and girls skating on the ice over the Wissahickon Creek in Philadelphia when an old maid and a hayseed collide. They both fall heavily on the ice and scramble about for a moment, then rising they grapple with each other and fall again, much to the merriment of the spectators.
3096 ::: Gozaresh (1977) ::: The movie revolves around the life of a tax collector who is accused of taking bribes, and also has to deal with problems at home, including the suicide attempt of his wife. One of the works by the great Kiarostami prior to revolution. A plot similar to "the Separation". A middle class young family struggling between personal relationships and financial problems. An intellectual interpretation of the daily struggle of the middle class Iranian family in the 1970s.
3097 ::: Another Family Show (2009) ::: In a post 9/11 world, it's easy to get caught up in irrational fears and misconceptions, and when two families are brought together, seemingly against their wills, we're shown, not only the drama, but the hilarity these confusions can provide. Armon and Amber, fresh out of college, arrive home to surprise their parents with the grand news of their surreptitious wedding. Shenanigans ensues as Armon's middle-eastern family collides with Amber's FBI agent father and her conservative, southern kin.
3098 ::: To Save a Life (2009) ::: Jake Taylor has everything. He has a beautiful girl, he's the champion in basketball and beer pong, and everyone loves him. Then, an old childhood friend, with whom Jake used to be friends, commits suicide. Jake begins to think. He wonders what he could've done to save his friend's life. A youth minister tells him that Jake needs God. So Jake becomes a Christian. However, things begin to spin out of control. His dad is cheating on his mom, his girlfriend is pregnant, and his former friends ridicule and mock him. During all this, Jake is going to realize just what it means to be a Christian and how to save a life.
3099 ::: Mých posledních 150.000 cigaret (2013) ::: The struggle with the tobacco industry, with the help of infotainment and a video journal, authenticity and stylization. Armed with the facts and dressed up as a giant cigarette, the filmmaker heads out into public, to the gates of tobacco companies, and among politicians. Low comedy and the withdrawal mission of a heavy smoker, all with a clear antihero.
3100 ::: Frau am Klavichord (1981) ::: Frau am Klavichord is the first part of the Übermalungen ("overpaintings") trilogy by painter and director Jürgen Böttcher. In this film, he takes the viewer to a new dimension by painting over the images on postcards. Using black paint, he conceals some parts of the image, while emphasizing others, opening the artwork up for new interpretation.
3101 ::: BAFTA: Films in the Frame (2015) ::: Zoe Ball brings you an exclusive preview of the films competing for Best Film at this year's EE British Academy Film Awards. On Sunday 8th February, the biggest stars in the world of cinema will be drawn to London's esteemed Royal Opera House to celebrate one of the biggest nights in the awards calendar: The EE British Academy Film Awards. A total of 40 feature films and eight shorts make up the nominations for this year's BAFTA Film Awards and Films in the Frame, presented by Zoe Ball and a panel of the country's hottest film critics brings you an exclusive preview of the year's films which are up for one of cinema's most prestigious prizes.
3102 ::: "Astoria" (????/II) ::: 11 year old Zack Turner is sent to Astoria, Oregon to stay with his Uncle Will Turner for a year of school due to his parents traveling for work. Zack soon makes new friends with Ronin Li and Texas Flanagan on his first day of school and the 3 boys soon quickly become inseparable after getting in to a little bit of trouble at school. After several news articles, Zack's curiosity about lost pirate treasures within the city begins to open his imagination to an adventure never forgotten, what he doesn't know is, is that they aren't the only ones in search of the famous unspoken treasures of Captain Goldblood.
3103 ::: Life in Sometown, U.S.A. (1938) ::: In Sometown, U.S.A. - which is a composite of all towns in the country - Judge Wiley hears the case of little Johnny Jones who accidentally breaks the window of the wealthiest woman in town, Mrs. Barber, with an errant baseball. Chief of Police Hanlon suggests to the judge that he fine Johnny the cost of the replacement window - $1.95 - and let that be that. The judge agrees, but Johnny, who is from the "wrong side of the tracks", doesn't even have that amount, so the Chief pays the fine for him. Incensed by the Chief's actions, Mrs. Barber, who rallies all the other wealthy women of the town, petitions to the Mayor and City Council to have the Chief dismissed, citing that he does not uphold the law as he should. Believing the Chief in the right, Henry Barber, Mrs. Barber's henpecked husband who has never stood up to his wife, and their daughter, Patricia Barber, hatch a plan with the Chief to show Mrs. Barber and her followers the error in their thinking, which shows little common sense.
3104 ::: "Canon Solutions America Presents: The Connection" (2016) ::: In a print, digital, and cinematic marketing campaign, the story of three Canon Solution America's clients unfold. We follow their best applications from end-to-end and learn about the success of print and what it means to be a partner of Canon Solutions America.
3105 ::: Mardi dar toofan (1972) ::: Akbar takes advantage of Abdollah's absence and gets marry with his fiance. But Abdollah is back and is after his fiance. Akbar has a big carpentry and not lets Abdollah who has a small work shop to work. Akbar is getting killed in the jungle and Abdollah is suspected of killing him but he is innocent.
3106 ::: Secret of Water (2015) ::: From the moment life first came into existence upon our planet, it was dependent upon the vitality of water. Over the years, our use and misuse of this precious resource has altered the vital information it carries in unexpected ways. As we consult with prominent scientists, including Konstatin Korotkov and Masaru Emoto, we gain insights into unlocking the secret of water so we can begin restoring vitality and vibrancy to all life on Earth. Water - a living substance, the most common and least understood. It defies the basic laws of physics, yet holds the keys to life. Known to ancients as a transmitter to and from the higher realms, water retains memory and conveys information to DNA. However, water can die if treated poorly. Water's arrangement of molecules can be influenced by such factors as sound, thoughts, intention, and prayer, as well as by such toxins as chlorine, affecting all that comes in contact with it. In this documentary, prominent scientists help reveal the secret of water, allowing us to use this amazing element to heal ourselves and our planet.
3107 ::: Dr. Sealgood & the Oceana Files (2000) ::: A scientist is obsessed with creating a tape that will completely silence anyone gagged with it. A pretty blonde volunteers to help the red-haired researcher with her experiments, not realizing bondage is involved. In the second story, raven-tressed Oceana participates in a photo-shoot in a homage to Betty Page's post-WWII bondage sessions.
3108 ::: "The Re-Inventors" (2007) ::: For centuries the high ground and the ability to attack from above held military advantages. Now, The Re-Inventors have found an invention that would allow a commander to launch an attack from the sky, and rain down explosive fire-arrows on a helpless enemy! Join Matt and Jeremy as they combine13th century Chinese fire arrow technology with a 17th century Japanese kite design to see if they can command the battlefield with this amazing device.
3109 ::: Másik Magyarország (2013) ::: It's been more than ten years now that fine artist Imre Bukta, one of the leading figures in Hungarian contemporary arts, moved back to his home village Mezoszemere in Heves county. "Another Hungary" attempts to show the very special and very sensitive way Bukta looks at the world around him. It is a detailed analysis of the present situation: what have we achieved so far? What do we have now and what can we do with it? The documentary gives a harshly realistic image, with much self irony, of what happens if a dying traditional culture gets mixed with half-modernized circumstances, creating a strange new world.
3110 ::: Dinosaur Hunters! (2008) ::: A class of second graders go to the dinosaur museum. One curious little girl thinks she sees something and... the chase is on! In her search for a little green dinosaur, that teases and taunts her as it scurries from her, she has a chance to learn how dinosaur science works. Finally she learns that the museum is indeed a magical place.
3111 ::: Los viajes escolares (1976) ::: After completing his high school studies at the age of twenty-four, Óscar is an immature student, unable to afford alone his return to home during the summer season. Then he manages to convince Carlos, his young math teacher, to accompany him. Already in the family home, Óscar begins to behave in an increasingly unbalanced and irrational way. Meanwhile, his family will endeavor to see him as the reflection of the absent father figure.
3112 ::: Yojeolboktong shinyangbangdeon (1992) ::: When old Guk-gwang dies suddenly, his fortune passes to his son Chang-shik. Unaccostumed to the sudden freedom, Chang-shik becomes a drug addict. Control of the land and wealth is soon passed on to Wang-geun, Guk-gwang's illegitimate child, but he is not at all impressed with his sudden good fortune
3113 ::: De 13e Man (2011) ::: Badr, David and Jan-Willem can be found on the pitch every weekend, refereeing amateur football matches. They love the game. That is their main motivation. But the weekly moment of responsibility and authority has given them something else: the realization that respect is a valuable but fragile commodity. Especially in the Netherlands today, where people are predominantly preoccupied with their individual interests and all authority is regarded with suspicion. Having refereed for almost twenty seasons, timid Jan-Willem is slowly losing his enjoyment of it. He wonders whether there still is a place on the football pitch for referees like him. David, a young pastor, is a relative newcomer to the game. At the Reformed church where he preaches, his authority is beyond question. But a football pitch is not quite the same as a church. Badr, an ex-marine, learned the nature of authority in the army: discipline, self-control, and respect. As a referee, he likes to pass these qualities on to the players on the pitch... but are today's football players really interested in his good example?
3114 ::: Citizien Khodorkovsky (2015) ::: Ten years in Russian penal colonies have marked Mikhail Khodorkovsky but could not break his spirits: Russian president Vladimir Putin might not see any longer any threat in his former political prisoner but the exiled Khodorkovsky hopes that Putin is utterly mistaken. Unexpectedly set free Khodorkovsky left prison as a man with stronger inner freedom, dedicating all his energy, ideas and power to create another Russia - a Russia without Putin.
3115 ::: Dance Complex (2009) ::: Dance Complex puts the spotlight on one building that unites a diverse population through the love of dance. The dancers that we meet in Dance Complex face injuries, multiple jobs, lack health care, and dwindling funding. Blossoming out of these challenges is a vital group of teachers, performers and students. Set in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Dance Complex documents how this volunteer-based arts organization includes and inspires every age, gender, race and economic group. Held together by a historic building and their mutual love of dance, a community has come together. Dance Complex witnesses dance as a common language that cannot be silenced.
3116 ::: Love Without Mercy: Slavoj Zizek (2003) ::: LECTURE Slavoj Zizek "Love without Mercy" Monday March 10 2003, 7:00pm Deitch Projects, 18 Wooster Street, New York, NY 10013 Presented by Foundation 20 21 Slavoj Zizek, the world-renowned philosopher and cultural theorist, held an exciting town meeting in New York City on March 10th at Deitch Projects (18 Wooster Street) in conjunction with the publication of Lacanian Ink 21. The subject of his lecture was "Love without Mercy." There were more than 600 people from all over the world packing the huge, cavernous gallery space. The police intervened to disperse the overcapacity crowd, a portion of which, unfortunately, was left outside. "The thrill of reading Zizek," says Robert Boynton in Lingua Franca, "arises in part from the collision between the insanity he finds everywhere in our psychic and social lives and the rigorous clarity with which he anatomizes its workings." Slavoj Zizek is Senior Researcher at the Institute of Social Studies, University of Ljubljana. Some of his recent books include, The Fragile Absolute - or, why is the Christian legacy worth fighting for? (2000), On Belief (2001), and Welcome to the Desert of the Real: Five Essays on September 11th and Releated Dates (2002). Lacanian Ink is a cultural magazine which focuses on the teachings of French psychoanalyst, Jacques Lacan. It is published biannually in New York.
3117 ::: Through the Place (2016) ::: THROUGH THE PLACE tells the story of the Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation, one of the nation's most innovative and effective nonprofit historic preservation organizations. Founded in 1964 by a group of citizens who passionately believed that preservation, rather than massive demolition, could be the key to achieving social, community, and economic renewal, PHLF has played a major role in the rejuvenation of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. THROUGH THE PLACE documents five decades of PHLF's work and will inspire anyone interested in renewing historic neighborhoods and urban communities.
3118 ::: Metsluiged (1987) ::: Once upon a time, a King had eleven sons and one daughter. When his wife, the Queen, died, the King remarried. The new wife and the children's stepmother looks beautiful on the outside, but actually she's an evil witch. She sends the young princess Eliise to live in the village as an ordinary peasant girl and turns all the princes into wild swans. The princes are stuck being swans all day long and only at night can they regain their true form. When Eliise is 15 years old, she learns about the fate of her brothers and now she must overcome the obstacles put in her way by her stepmother in order to release her brothers from the spell.
3119 ::: "Dream Center" (2016) ::: An inspiring series offering a real-life look at the impactful work God is doing in the inner-city of Los Angeles, Dream Center is a powerful docudrama centered around a community of people changing lives by serving others in order to move past their own personal tragedies. Through compelling testimonies, captivating reenactments and inspirational messages, Dream Center challenges us to look beyond our pasts and step into our futures with hope, finding true purpose in life by making a difference in the world. As Matthew Barnett, the host and head Pastor of Dream Center states, "Never grow weary in the fight to rescue the most forgotten." 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, the Dream Center is truly the church that never sleeps.
3120 ::: Finding a Family (2011) ::: Bright Alex grows up in Michigan proud of his mother, Romanian immigrant Ileana, who became a professor, vowing to make her dream come true by graduating from Harvard. But when mother becomes manic-depressive and repeatedly dumps her medication, Alex each time lands in foster care. At age 16, he gets legal emancipation and vows to take charge of their lives himself. For many years, Illeana Chivescu and her son Alex Chivescu were all each other had in the world in a supporting, loving environment. Romanian immigrants, Illeana and her husband moved to Michigan to attend Michigan College. They divorced leaving Illeana to raise Alex on her own since he was two, with her husband, Alex's father, no longer in the picture. Despite the obstacles, she was able to obtain her Ph.D. and go on to academic work herself, she fostering a love of learning in Alex, who had vowed, at age ten at the time of her graduation, to attend the best university, namely Harvard. But their lives took a major change when Illeana was involved in a car accident, the head trauma which resulted in her with bipolar disorder. While she required medication to deal with the disorder, it in turn had severe side effects which made her mind foggy, the result being that she was damned if she did and damned if she didn't to remain functional. This led to her going in and out of hospital, she treating Alex abusively when she was at home, and Alex going in and out of foster care. Despite the upheaval, Alex was still able to retain his perfect 4.0 GPA. Now sixteen years old and a junior at Eagle Creek High School, Alex feels that beyond his home life, he has found a supportive school environment to lead him into that goal of Harvard in just over a year. As such, Alex takes extraordinary measures to ensure that he stays in that supportive environment. The questions become whether those measures, if he is able to obtain what he wants, will be all that he thinks they will be, and how much he is willing to forgo voluntarily all in that singular focus of Harvard.
3121 ::: Spectrum: Embracing Gender (2016) ::: From the creative forces behind the award winning 'Women Warriors: A Vision of Valor" and 'Bridges: Transitioning to Civilian Life" comes "Spectrum: Embracing Gender" -- A powerful and thought provoking documentary that reveals the real-life struggles faced by people struggling with their gender identity and/or transitioning to another gender.
3122 ::: Security, Colorado (2001) ::: Andrew Gillis' debut feature, simulating a documentary film with its use of handheld cameras, was awarded an official certificate for following Dogme 95's rules for "cinematic chastity." Following college, Karen relocates to Security, Colorado, to be close to boyfriend Paul. With an apartment and a job in a record store, her life is in order, so she then embarks on her dream of becoming a writer. However, her job is unfulfilling, and when she spots a theft in the store, she doesn't report the shoplifter but instead attempts to befriend her. Unable to relate to life around her, Karen has a growing dissatisfaction with her existence, and an unusual psychological portrait emerges as she attempts to deal with everyday realities and find security in Security.
3123 ::: Dead Mary (2007) ::: Kim and her boyfriend Matt have just broken up, but they travel together to a cottage nearby a lake to spend the weekend with their friends Eve, Dash and his wife Amber and Baker and his new girlfriend Lily. The atmosphere becomes heavy with the situation between Kim and Matt, and one of them suggests them to play "Dead Mary". Matt, Eve and Dash summon the evil witch repeating her name three times in front of a mirror with a candle. Along the night, Matt hears weird noises, is killed and returns to life, while part of the group is possessed by the fiend. Without knowing who is possessed, the rest of the group fights to survive. For Kim it was supposed to be the perfect reunion and weekend getaway. She and her best friends drive to a remote lakeside cabin to reminisce about their college days. When the group decides to play the ghoulish game "Dead Mary" they mistakenly unleash a vengeful spirit that possesses them one by one. As the demon forces them to turn on one another, each is faced with a choice. Would you hack your best friend to pieces to ensure your own survival? Well... would you?
3124 ::: Eight Limbs Yoga (????) ::: Over the course of its 3000 year long tradition, the idea of 'yoga' is under perpetual reinvention: from Patanjali's sutras describing an eight limbed system through to gymnastic type movements in a hot room, each new incarnation of guru, studio and literary manual offers an alternative concept. Today, an estimated 20 million people around the world practice 'yoga' and 72% are female. Eight Limbs Yoga follows a young Eurasian woman travelling the world to meet spitirual leaders and fellow practitioners. Meet sadhus in India, musicians in New York, food providers in New Zealand... this documentary offers a romantic glimpse in to the search for a meaningful yoga system, when gym yoga doesn't bring peace.
3125 ::: Kings of South Beach (2007) ::: Chris Troiano runs South Beach (greater Miami)'s most popular nightclub, a recreational goldmine. Fellow New York immigrant Andy Burnett quickly rises from bouncer on trial to Troiano's trusted security chief and right hand. Thus he slowly discovers the club's entanglement with both the Russian mafia and domestic mob king Allie Boy, obviously involved in murders and arson. Andy is in fact an undercover cop, but risks losing trust with all superiors, except his immediate chief, so a trap must urgently be set.
3126 ::: The Wind of Al Amal (2013) ::: 'The Wind of Al Amal' explores the complicated struggle and fragmented stories of some Iraqi refugees and exiled as some of them attempt to integrate themselves into the American landscape while struggling with the haunting demons of their past. The Wind of Al-Amal is the first US/French co-production for a feature length documentary about one of the world's largest refugee crisis in the world today: The invisible ongoing Iraqi Refugees plight. 10 years later: Is anyone still paying attention? The Wind of Al-Amal is a feature documentary about one of the world largest refugee crises today: the Iraqi Refugee Crisis. The film portrays the lives of a few Iraqi families who have been resettled in the U.S. Shot in a "guerrilla" visual style, this multi-layered narrative film speaks about real human journeys to recovery, with a simple truthfulness as we get a personal look at some of the issues of this major humanitarian crisis through the eyes of three main Iraqi protagonists and major contributors like journalists, scholars, politicians, intellectuals, activists, humanitarian organizations.
3127 ::: Koma (2018) ::: After a colossal and mysterious accident a young talented architect comes back to his senses in a very odd world that only resembles the reality. This world is based on the memories of the ones who live in it - people who are currently finding themselves in a deep coma. Human memory is spotty, chaotic and unstable. The same is the COMA - odd collection of memories and recollections - cities, glaciers and rivers can all be found in one room. All the laws of physics can be broken. The architect must find out the exact laws and regulations of COMA as he fights for his life, meets the love of his life and keeps on looking for the exit to the real world which he will have to get acquainted with all over again after the experience of COMA.
3128 ::: Slava (2016) ::: A reclusive Bulgarian railway trackman finds millions of cash spilled on the tracks and turns them in to the police. When the transport ministry's head of PR Julia Staikova decides to use him as a diversion from a corruption scandal, his simple life falls victim to the grinder of bureaucracy.
3129 ::: Zolabarth Bi (2016) ::: Maximillien controls Zolabarth, a shape-shifting alien powerful enough to destroy all his enemies, and capable of assuming a beguiling form that satisfies all his other needs. Megalomaniac Maximus always achieves his goals. Right now, his goal is to destroy a massive army that tried to draft him using a mind control device. The only way Maximus can accomplish this is with a Rig-mertian: an alien that can transform into an invincible monster. Zolabarth is the Rig-mertian lent out to Maximus. Since Zolabarth is so destructive, his master cursed him with a weaker form. Every time Zolabarth takes his monster form, he has to become a female afterward. Maximus is too elitist to relate to the crass Rig-mertian at first, but after some strange intimate moments, he finds himself drawn to him. When he's suddenly presented with Zolabarth as a female, there's no question in his mind how things will proceed.
3130 ::: The Grizzled Wizard of Waste Not Want Not (2006) ::: This motion portrait of P.R. Miller is a journey into the mind of an eccentric, outcast scavenger, known around Akron, Ohio as "the junkyard artist." Hailing from a little place called Mars, he was raised on a scrap yard where they used to burn autos. According to Miller, Mars, PA had one of the highest rates of brain disorders in the country. Miller, himself, was once thought to have been retarded, but it turned out to be ADHD. He later had part of his brain removed due to cancer, not to mention his pituitary, and a length of his colon. He has been inundated with toxicity his whole life, not unlike Mother Earth herself. Miller is convinced that the Earth will one day rid herself of the human vermin that is destroying her. When put on trial, P.R. Miller stood up for his right to make art on his own property. He gave the middle finger to Authority and practically got it bitten off. The whole controversy of the trial was whether his property was filled with "art or junk," "trash or treasure?" The controversy is put to rest by viewing his studio: a visual odyssey into the realm of junk, art, and the obsessive-compulsive desire to waste naught. All this "visual bubblegum" is a backdrop for Miller to rant and rave about how the American value system is based on the worship of money, and how the culture of consumerism and waste will lead to the final demise of humans.
3131 ::: Stefan Zweig: Farewell to Europe (2016) ::: In 1936, Stefan Zweig, the illustrious author of " 24 Hours of a Woman's Life" and "Letter from an Unknown Woman", leaves Austria for South America. Being Jewish and hating the inhumanity that prevails in Germany while threatening his native country, he has decided to escape the specter of Nazism. Brazil is his chosen country. He is immediately hailed at Rio de Janeiro's Jockey Club by the local jet set. But whereas expect him to take sides and to make a statement against Hitler and his clique, Zweig refuses to renounce his humanity and to indulge in over-simplification: he just cannot condemn Germany and its people. On the other hand, the great writer literally falls in love with Brazil and undertakes the writing of a new book about the country. Accompanied by Lotte, his second wife he explores different regions, including the most remote ones...
3132 ::: Splinters (1929) ::: "The story of the origin in Flanders of the "Splinters" Concert Party- later famous in the West End and on tour- is used as a central idea on which to base a topping performance of the kind for which the "Splinters" are renowned. The story goes that Hal Jones is in the front line, and when he is sent for urgently by the Army commander, he conjures up visions of a swift and sticky end in retribution of a hectic time just recently spent. But the officer merely wants him to get together a concert party to keep up the spirits of the troops. How he gets together his troupe- an excruciatingly funny bit of business- and how they become a force of great moral strength to the fighting Tommies is a neat story in itself. But the main purpose lies in its facile use as a backbone on which to fasten some of the best burlesque, revue and musical farce ever staged." (Original Herald)
3133 ::: Shadow Moves - The Homecoming of Regilio Tuur (2002) ::: The documentary tells the story of Regilio Tuur, a former WBO lightweight champion who, after a five-year break, prepares himself for a comeback. The film starts in New York where he trains at Gleasons Gym in Brooklyn. It follows the Dutch fighter up to and including his first fight in the Netherlands. His so called "homecoming fight". In between his preparations he has to deal with a number of issues that have cumulated from the past. Tuur is a controversial person in the Netherlands due to a history of domestic violence of which he speaks in interviews in the film. Will his past catch up with him? By showing the ins and outs that will lead to his first "homecoming fight" in combination with the interviews as a counterpoint, the film has a dramatic unravelling effect, which not only reveals if Tuur wins or looses, but also shows an insight in his motivation and historic background. The film was selected for and had it's world premiere at the International Documentary Festival Amsterdam (IDFA) 2002. Out of almost 3000 entries only a 100 films were selected. The documentary was shown on Dutch television in January 2003.
3134 ::: Britain's Racist Election (2015) ::: Britain's Racist Election reveals what happened when a small British town gained national and international notoriety following the unprecedented culture collision between immigrants and the white community at the start of the era of mass immigration.
3135 ::: City Series: New York (2012) ::: An experimental "city symphony" genre film inspired by Paul Strand's Manhatta, City Series: New York captures the vastness and scale of this amazing city as it transforms from day to night. It blends recognizable and well-known locations with more personal, abstract, and poetic images. The film is set to instrumental ambient music that has intentional pauses, creating spaces between an array of contrasting and eclectic images of both nature and the immense built environment of New York City.
3136 ::: Babul (1950) ::: This is the story of two widower fathers in Madhopur. The first one lives a poor lifestyle, and has a daughter by the name of Bela, who he hopes will get married to the new Postmaster, Ashok, who comes from a wealthy family. He is all the more thrilled when he finds out that Ashok is indeed taking more than an average interest in Bela and has even given her some jewelry. The second dad is Jamnadas, the father of Usha, who lives a wealthy lifestyle in a mansion. He would like her to get married to Vinod, the son of Ganga Prasad, but Usha is in love with Ashok. Who will Ashok marry?
3137 ::: Buzzy Rides the Range (1940) ::: All the ranchers are losing cattle but are unable to find the rustlers. Posing as a prospector, Agent Ken Blair arrives and teams up with young Buzzy to look for them. After Buzzy overhears Ames' men talking, Blair finds evidence that Ames is using trucks to haul away the beef. Looking for tire tracks, Buzzy locates the rustling operation and sends his horse back with a message.
3138 ::: Flesbek (2010) ::: The main character returns from the prison with a desire to build a normal relationship with his, now, adult daughter who didn't have a father for a long period of her life. When he comes home sees that the daughter ran away from home and that his wife is cheating on him with a friend who also moved into the apartment. Armed with a sarcastic sense of humor he accepts all that and starts searching for his daughter, whom, by the way, does not want to be found.
3139 ::: Léa (2011/I) ::: Léa is a student who grew up as an orphan. She lives with her grandmother who once brought her up and who now relentlessly demands Léa's full attention, even at night time. One night her grandmother, whose state of mind deteriorates increasingly faster, slips off and strolls around without heading for any particular destination. Léa panics in the course of finding the old women. Consequently she makes sure her grandmother is taken care of full-time in an appropriate institution where she can keep her own furniture and receives a therapy to slow down her mental descend. Léa, who works in a nightclub, can no longer cover her expenses by just cleaning tables. She starts working as one of the strippers and earns additional money with lap dance. She starts to spend her time between nightclub and university in a brasserie and takes the owner as her lover. Unfortunatey he has to tell the obviously permanently exhausted Léa that he can't cope with her erratic behaviour. When a young and vain professor picks repeatedly on Léa during lectures because she can neither manage to be always punctual nor to be enthusiastic about his attempts to be amuse his audience, she loses it. She attacks somebody at a party and leaves the city. In Havre, Léa, a diligent college student, to make ends meet, she works as a waitress in a nightclub downtown, while taking care of her fragile grandmother who suffers from the Alzheimer's disease. But soon, a long-awaited admittance to the prestigious Sciences Po or the Paris Institute of Political Studies will change her life; the future, however, comes at a high cost. As a result, penniless Léa will settle in Paris and reluctantly become a stripper, who during the day, spreads her wings struggling for a better life, while at nights, Léa, with her beautiful body as her weapon, finally puts herself in control over her life.
3140 ::: Unlocking DaVinci's Code (2004) ::: Centuries of conspiracy unmasked in this documentary! Discover the hidden meaning inside the greatest art in history as host Patrick MacNee reveals the secrets to the strange riddles and clues within the masterpieces of Leonardo DaVinci. Revealed for the first time ever on DVD, the controversial link between Jesus Christ, Mary Magdalene and Leonardo DaVinci. Explore the secret society that includes DaVinci, Sir Isaac Newton, Botticelli and Victor Hugo. Unlocking DaVinci's Code reveals the greatest mysteries of our time and the greatest secrets of our past.
3141 ::: Family Works: Inspiring Profiles of Family Business, Vol. 1 (2010) ::: Hosted by Harvard MBA Wade Myers, Family Works visits the world of family entrepreneurs, with case study-type analysis by Myers. Family businesses are among the most fascinating entrepreneurial endeavors to observe. Built with a pioneering spirit and the lively dynamics of family relationships, the stories of families that work together provide a unique view of family life. The Family Works Series is a captivating blend of entertainment, inspiration, and practical business instruction that features business profiles from a variety of family enterprises.
3142 ::: Pandemic (2009/I) ::: On a quiet night on the streets of the Big City, two members of a radical environmentalist group (Green Earth Terra Movement) come across a sickly girl who appears to be running away from the local hospital. Always wary of large institutions, they take her to their local hideout instead of back to the hospital for treatment. There, the girl is found to be suffering from several strains of deadly, drug-resistant diseases, quite possibly terminally infecting everyone present at the hideout. Matt, the iconic idealistic environmentalist, is at odds with Kyson, their cold de facto leader, over what to do with the disease-ridden girl. As they plan and execute their next moves, fate turns a hard hand on these young idealists.
3143 ::: Call It Karma (2004) ::: The documentary tells the story of the filmmaker's friendship with a young Tibetan monk, Gyalten Rinpoche. The Rinpoche was sent by his Master to walk 1,000 miles across the rooftop of the world into the sacred lands of India. Six years later, he establishes a Buddhist center in Vancouver and befriends filmmaker Geoff Browne. Together, they embark on an emotional return to the Rinpoche's village, inspiring Geoff to retell his friend's remarkable life story.
3144 ::: It Hungers (2018) ::: Fact. When people become frightened, their bodies are flooded with a stress hormone called Cortisol. There is a creature that feeds on humans, but only when our bodies are ripe with fear and flooded with Cortisol. Only then does it like the taste of human flesh. Only then will it feed. Deep in the forest, a beautiful young woman (Rachel) , on the run from the law escapes into the creatures lair. Like a chef preparing his meal, the creature unleashes a phantom to terrify her. A macabre clown. Once she is terrified enough to be consumed, the creature will move in for the kill. But Rachel is no ordinary girl and she is ready fight to survive.
3145 ::: DreamZ (2010) ::: Sometimes the greatest journeys are closer than one thinks. When Sean Holder seeks to reestablish a close relationship with his son, Josh, he finds more than he thought he was looking for. His youngest son, Zack, comes along for the ride to a beat boy competition, and it becomes both a journey of mutual and self-discovery. All three traveled a great distance to find what was in front of them all the time - love and mutual respect.
3146 ::: Tam idan hatmimut (2013) ::: Jerusalem, 1966. In a crumbling old building in the center of the city, lives a small family. Eli, the father, is at work all day. His wife Ruthy is locked up inside her own world and spends her days in bed, reading the thick novels her husband brings her from the library. Michal, their 11-year-old daughter, is lonely and bored and seeks attention from the other tenants and attractions around the building. One day, when Ruthy decides to get out of bed, the apparent peace and serenity of the house is violated.
3147 ::: Jao nok krajok (2009) ::: Explores the relationship between Ake, a young man who is paralyzed from the waist down after an accident, and Pun, the male nurse who takes care of him, and of course Ake's father. Ake is at first cold towards his nurse Pun, but as Pun continues to earnestly take care of him he starts to open up his heart through candid conversations. The physical contact with Pun makes him rethink physical desires that he wants to forget. The grudge he held against his father slowly abates. All of this slowly becomes the motivating factor to confirm that he is alive, albeit with physical problems.
3148 ::: Lower Broads: The Movie (????) ::: A drunken bachelorette party on lower Broadway ends with a scandalous post and a drunken text canceling the wedding. So it falls to the redneck bridesmaids to save the day and get the bride hitched to the blue-blood, frat boy of her dreams.
3149 ::: Prayer Never Fails (2016) ::: When a high school basketball coach is fired for praying with a student, he files a wrongful termination lawsuit and is represented by a troubled lawyer who happens to be an atheist. In the lawyer's pursuit of justice, he is the person who ends up finding redemption as they fight for the right to pray in school.
3150 ::: Fighting Back (1917) ::: Cashiered out of the army by what he believes was an unjust court-martial, the man known as The Weakling wanders aimlessly in the desert and is found by cowboys from the Lazy Y Ranch. They clean him up and give him a job on the ranch as a cowboy. He soon finds love with a local dance-hall girl, and discovers that his luck may be changing in more ways than one.
3151 ::: Halo Around the Moon (2018) ::: Created by David S Jones (Creator of "Fireman Sam" and Novelist) We have arrived at a highly significant fork in the road of human evolution. David S. Jones has an important story to tell that could help us choose the correct path forward which, if he can make people listen, may avert an impending catastrophe of biblical proportions. This is that story, it is a book about you! A devastating lapse of protocol allows a lethal super virus to escape from a scientific laboratory. This virus, which is harmless to humans, gets into the fuel supply chain where it contaminates all petroleum based fuels, rendering them inert. The virus spreads rapidly and is unstoppable. The aftermath of this catastrophe is overwhelming, plunging privileged modern society into anarchic free fall. "Halo Around The Moon" narrates the colossal impact that this has on one group of individuals. It is centered on England although the repercussions would be felt globally by billions. We follow the group of people. Who are forced to abandon all that hold precious, making an unparalleled sacrifice in order to allow some normality to emerge after an eighteen month period of horror when they can begin rebuilding civilization. They struggle to stay alive, fighting not only hunger and diseases but also lethal gangs of anarchists who have formed guerrilla bands led by ruthless warlords. This is the story of their horrendous ordeal, their battle against adversity, demonstrating the strength of human endurance, tenacity and resourcefulness. The consequences from this impending disaster are real, imminent and truly horrifying. Each of us is depicted on the front cover, so which one is you?
3152 ::: Quando o Anjo e o Diabo Colaboram (2009) ::: Inspired in the Play "Auto da Barca do Inferno" by Gil Vicente, the only Portuguese playwright recognized in the universal history of theater, the story of "When The Angel And The Devil Cooperate" talks about a bet: if the world ended, where would most of the humans end up? In Heaven? Or in Hell? On Earth, the Angel and the Devil come across with the story of a father, Parvo, who blames his daughter's death on Onzeneiro. While Parvo looks to get his revenge on Onzeneiro, this one tries to get rid of the murder charges by paying of the judge. They both gather with their accomplices at the same place, a brothel, without knowing about each other's presence. Here alliances are formed and broken with the help of peculiar friendships, represented by the characters of "Auto da Barca do Inferno".
3153 ::: Strike! (1998) ::: If there's one thing this wild group of friends at an all-girls high school has learned, it's how to get what they want! So when word leaks out that their school is about to merge with an all-boys academy, some of the students strike back... devising a hilarious scheme to sabotage the plan get ready for a sidesplitting lesson in laughter, as the girls wage an all-out assault in an outrageous battle of the sexes!
3154 ::: Uchathula Shiva (2016) ::: An easy-going taxi driver, Shiva (Karan) gives out advice on hygiene and the need to be 'professional' to an idli vendor on street, thus establishing himself as someone with a humanitarian side, in the very first scene. Further, his conversation with Gnanasambandam (who plays himself) in a car and the way he talks to his over-concerned mother over phone (Kovai Sarala's voice) brings him closer to the audience. However, within no time, things go haywire when the story actually kicks off. Nila (Neha) is being chased by a prominent drug dealer (Naren) in the town, and Shiva comes to her rescue and offers a lift. He tries to contact people who are close to her to ensure safety. Little does he know that he is inviting trouble, as things start going beyond his control. What follows is an unexpected series of incidents.
3155 ::: Cunning Little Vixen (????) ::: A young singer enters a prestigious music academy and against all odds achieves her dream of singing the lead in Leos Janacek's glorious opera 'The Cunning Little Vixen'. It's a tried-and-true formula of an outsider coming in and succeeding because of sheer determination and the power of a dream.
3156 ::: Matira ang matibay (1958) ::: During the American invasion of the Philippines during World War II, a group of convicts escapes from a prison and heads for the hills. They run into a pair of ex-soldiers who have escaped from a Japanese concentration camp, and they soon take command of the group. Soon the group encounters a beautiful girl who, they discover, has a grandfather who is guarding a treasure of gold and cash that belonged to the pre-war Filipino government, which he intends to return to the government when the war ends. However, some among the group of convicts have other ideas about what to do with the treasure--and the girl. Complications ensue.
3157 ::: Blame (2017/I) ::: Chris Messina stars as a substitute drama teacher whose taboo relationship with an unstable student (Quinn Shephard) strikes a nerve in her jealous classmate (Nadia Alexander), sparking a vengeful chain of events within their suburban high school that draws parallels to Arthur Miller's 'The Crucible'.
3158 ::: "Mextasy" (2015) ::: Mextasy is a new TV series. TV that rewrites televised borders, rethinks televisual borders or fronteras, revealing the pulsing, growing body of Latin America alive and thriving within and outside of Uncle Sam's unknowing body. Travel with our host William 'Bill' Nericcio as he celebrates the Latino experience throughout the world.
3159 ::: "Airport 24/7: Miami" (2012) ::: Series goes beyond the terminal for an unprecedented look at the inner workings of Miami International Airport, also known as MIA. With nearly 40 million passengers a year, MIA is the size of a small city, and considered a Category X airport, a prime target for a terrorist attack. Viewers will meet the steadfast MIA team whose jobs it is to keep one of America's largest airports running around the clock, and see what it takes to fight terrorism, intercept drug smugglers, secure a presidential landing, manage severe weather and much more.
3160 ::: USSAK... Years Later (2017) ::: In a suffering country, at a point of time in the future, a roving ex-performer woman, an enigmatic little girl, an ex-drag showman and a politically conscious dropout intersect trying to stand up and claim a full, good life against a totalitarian regime, that oppresses any form of reaction.
3161 ::: The Animal (1976) ::: An existential mystery. A woman waits for a man at a deserted railroad station somewhere in northern New England. It is the middle of winter. Snow is falling. The two drive to a remote farmhouse. Later two strange children appear at the window, and an old woman summons them away. Isolation, then alienation overcome the couple. The woman has a dream which comes true. She disappears. Nothing is explained. Only footprints remain in the snow that covers the supernatural landscape.
3162 ::: Tosca (2010) ::: This production from the historic Teatro Carlo Felice in Genova, Italy, stars the opera world's power couple, Daniela Dessě and Fabio Armiliato, as lovers Tosca and Cavaradossi. A tragic tale of doomed love interlaced with the age-old themes of jealousy, lust and intrigue, has ensured Tosca its place in the top ten of opera favorites.
3163 ::: Historia de la television argentina (2003) ::: The complete story of the Argentine television since it's first days when argentina was the second country in the american continent to have television after the United States till the beggining the the new century. The explanations of the technicians like Edgardo Borda, Jorge Contreras, Alejandro Doria and Gustavo Peduto make an exiting outline of the details and the historical context.
3164 ::: 9Sacred Eyes 9Deceiving Faces: Da Sean Caddy Show 9 (2015) ::: Da Sean Caddy Show is a Biography Documentary of the Journeys of S. Amun LinZy I known as Sean Caddy Da 9Ruby Prince. S. Amun LinZy is the Author of the publication entitled 9Sacred Eyes 9Deceiving Faces. Sean Caddy is a Retired Military Veteran, a Film Producer and Recording Artist from Champaign, Illinois. Da Sean Caddy Show covers over 9 years of film footage highlighting his remarkable 9Spiritual Journey travel to Ancient Ethiopia discovering and tracing back his Lineage to his Ancestor, Kassa Atse Tewodros II, who reigned as Emperor in the late 1880's in Ethiopia. The novel 9Sacred Eyes 9Deceiving Faces and the album, 9Sacred Eyes 9Deceiving Da 9Ruby Prince Movie Score Album are added features to the selected book chapters combines with video scenes.
3165 ::: Echoes (2007) ::: Elizabeth, a young historian, visits an old wartime airbase which is now a museum. She meets Peter, thinking him to be an actor in RAF uniform as part of a 'revisit the past' day. But as she is drawn back to visit the museum to see Peter again, and learns more about the life of the airbase during the Battle of Britain, it seems that he is not what he appears to be. How can Elizabeth have met her soulmate, when he died forty years ago? And can they ever be together?
3166 ::: Gouverneurs de la rosée (1976) ::: Between the two World Wars, Manuel, a young man, is back in his Haitian village. What he discovers is appalling. The village is now separated into two enemy clans. To make matters worse, it is devastated by drought as all the springs have dried up. The sun scorches the earth. Manuel decides to go in search of water and winds up finding a spring.
3167 ::: Blood Money (2001) ::: Over the last 50 years, millions of Jewish victims of the Holocaust have claimed and obtained monetary compensation for the persecution, enslavement, and dispossession as well as the restitution of confiscated property. The German government has already paid out over 100 billion marks, and although more than 90% of all Holocaust survivors have now died, new claims continue to surface.
3168 ::: First Love Letter (1991) ::: Wealthy and orthodox Thakur Ajit Singh is quite apprehensive about his daughter's Radha marriage when he find out that she is in love with a poor man named Shyam - then all restrictions are placed on her not to meet with Shyam but Radha is adamant which forces Ajit to take strict measures by getting Shyam beaten and imprisoned. But the major draw-back involve in this scenario is when Ajit starts to mislead his loved ones that Radha is marry to Shyam. Thakur Ajit Singh is a wealthy, and orthodox man, who lives in a palatial house. He believes that women should always be indoors and never interfere with business affairs outside of the house. He also believes that marriage should only take between equals. He is shocked and angered to learn that his only daughter, Radha, has fallen in love with a poor man named Shyam. He vehemently opposes this marriage, but Radha is adamant, and he has Shyam arrested, beaten and imprisoned. At the insistence of his brother, Shrikant, Ajit compromises and tells his family that he has permitted Radha to marry Shyam.
3169 ::: Extralarge: Miami Killer (1991) ::: Agent Blake finds the corpse of a child. It is one of a long chain. The murderer is called The Miami Killer by the newspapers. Extralarge assists the police in their investigation. All the murdered children suffered from some kind of ailment and the murderer knew his or her victims very well. The successive victim appears to be Elsie who is asthmatic and Extralarge suspects father Marthy and Elsie's teacher. Then Elsie is kidnapped. Can she be saved?
3170 ::: The Thickness of Delirium (2007) ::: Shawn has been tormented for years knowing that his father doesn't want to be a part of his life. When his mother dies and his father doesn't come to the funeral, he reaches his breaking point and drives from his home in Wisconsin to his childhood home in Utah where his father still lives...to kill him. After a snow storm forces Shawn to spend the night in a motel, he meets Ronnie, a carefree and adventurous woman who is heading west to reach her dream of becoming a country western singer. The two find a connection that may force Shawn to rethink his mission.
3171 ::: Moon Rider (2012) ::: Moon Rider is a coming-of-age story about the bike rider Rasmus Quaade. The film follows young Rasmus' struggle to become a professional rider, a rough and winding road through hell and back. Shot on fragile Super8 and raw helmet-cam, it is a journey seen from the inside of a young man's head - it is a personal story entrusted to the spectator by Rasmus himself from his intimate diary. Rasmus has proven to have an extra ordinary talent for riding, but even if Rasmus' physical abilities are extra ordinary and build for cycling, his mind is build for thinking. His constant reflections about life and death becomes his biggest obstacle in reaching his goal of becoming a World Champion. In order to win, he has to empty his head completely, but how do you clear your head, when every thought is a step in the wrong direction? The film paints an honest and heartbreaking picture of the extreme and lonely life of a young championship rider.
3172 ::: "The Renovators" (2011) ::: Combining the national passions for challenge-based reality shows and DIY home improvement, The Renovators pits 24 aspiring handymen and women against each other for the title of Australia's Best Renovator. The contestants have to complete massive individual and team-based renovation challenges in both the vast Renovators Warehouse and in six real-life rundown houses. Scrutinising their every maneuver three expert judges from the fields of building, architecture and design.The series culminates in a nation-stopping live finale when all six houses are auctioned and Australia's Best Renovator is crowned.
3173 ::: "My School, Our Future" (2015) ::: Across Washington and throughout the nation, schools are working to overcome gaps in opportunity and achievement. Pathways to Excellence shines a light on schools creating better blueprints for success. Funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, this program honors schools and teachers that are closing the Opportunity Gap through innovative curriculum development and student support strategies. Lacey Elementary School fosters a culture in which teachers demonstrate a shared commitment to each and every child. Small and nimble, Union Gap School tracks and uses student progress data to give teachers the latitude they need to create effective lessons for students with particular needs. Foster High School has increased graduation rates by offering its students a chance to make up credits.
3174 ::: The Last Trackers of the Outback (2007) ::: It's 1963 in the Australian outback and master tracker Billy Benn is being chased by the police for the murder of his wife's lover. Can Benn escape and find solace in the outback or will the police led by fellow tracker Teddy Egan catch up to him? Some twenty years later the police are in full force again running through the forest but this time they are not chasing a criminal, instead it is a race against time. A 6-year-old girl has been lost and stranded deep in the forest already for nine days and her survival, if possible, will depend on how quickly authorities can locate her. Once again the police will rely on the keen sense of a tracker for success. Where others see only a forest, Musgrave spots clues and signs as he reads the environment like a map. Similarly the police have relied on the trackers' mysterious abilities to break up a drug ring, rescue a stranded photographer in the desert, and find a young cowboy who disappeared during a stampede. Trackers have been around for centuries and when the police realized that it would be interesting to put them to use in tracking escaped and missing persons, Australia was still a British penal colony. But in this age of GPS, 4x4 vehicles and helicopters, are we letting go of something more fundamental - an intuitive knowledge linking man to nature? Featured in this film will be some of the last great trackers of the outback, including George Musgrave, Teddy Egan Jangala, Tommy George, and Mitjili Gibson. We will bring their most dramatic stories to life by recreating their gripping adventures deep in the unknown corners of the Australian Outback, traversing lush rain forests and wild rivers, magnificent gorges and deep water holes, dry savannas, and red deserts in search of the soon-to-be lost Aboriginal art of the tracker.
3175 ::: An Apartment in New York (2016) ::: Greta and Chrissie haven't seen each other since they were roommates at college, fifteen years ago. Now they're subletting an apartment in New York together - but just for the month of November. The man they're renting the apartment from -- Professor Alfred Caine, a teacher of Cinema Studies - turns out to be somewhat of a dodgy character: he deliberately returns from his stay out west a few days earlier than expected. And that's when things get really strange...
3176 ::: The Dancing Man (1992) ::: When adolescent Clayton Bates lost his leg in a cotton gin accident, he thought his dreams of dancing were over. His life story shows amazing spirit and athleticism, and an incredible dancing career. This film shows how Mr. Bates overcame the odds to become one of the greatest tap dancers of all time. Also documented is Bates' highly successful mountain resort which catered to African-American families.
3177 ::: Hesar (1984) ::: In a village the father is going to the war. Mohammad the 13 years old boy of the family now is in responsibility. The mother is sick and their grand father is not caring about them. Mohammad while trying for the heal of the mother has to guard the Sun Flowers ranch too. The mother's condition gets worse making Mohammad to take her to the city for the treatment. Finally this lead to grand father coming and help in the ranch.
3178 ::: Thiru Thiru (2005) ::: Pandiyarajan joins as a teacher in a village school. He stays as a tenant in Nanditha's house and starts loving her. Ponnambalam is uncle of Nanditha and his only aim is to get married to Nanditha. Nandhitha's dad insults Ponnambalam as he is illiterate. Ponnambalam requests Pandiyarajan to help him, so that he can marry Nanditha.
3179 ::: Tre della ventidue (2008) ::: A group of friends, proletarians, "animals from the suburbs". The memory of the italian resistance and his betrayal during the second world war. The spirit and the lesson of the June 30th 1960. In the background the Vietnam war, Piazza Fontana, and the fascist coup attempts. In Genoa: create a spark of guerrilla, a "Group of partisan action", the need of breaking the stasis, the desire of the action, spontaneity and organization, outside and further the PCI. Direct action, sabotage, a kidnap, an armed robbery with a bad end. The traial, the accuse of being just common criminals, the negation of the political meaning of those actions. And then, the sentence, the prison, the Sossi Kidnap, the Red Brigades.
3180 ::: The Sweetest Hippopotamus (2012) ::: Suzette is in an awful jam. Born deaf and poor in the rough and tumble mill town of Big Pine, she struggles to pay down her daddy's gambling debts by working nights as a cigarette girl at Big Jack Montag's swinging club, The Sweet Hippo. Problem is, Big Jack wants more from Suzette than just her time and half her tips. As time wears on, Suzette's hopes and dreams dwindle and fade. And now, making things worse, she thinks she might be falling in love with the club's star performer, Suitcase Sam! What's a girl to do?
3181 ::: Olhando para as Estrelas (2016) ::: Looking at the Stars is a documentary film that tells the story of the young ballerinas at the world's only ballet school for the blind, in Brazil. The film follows the lives and work of the talented ballerinas at the Fernanda Bianchini Ballet Association for the Blind, who strive to be perceived as exceptional ballet dancers, and not be defined just by their impairment. They inspire audiences to believe anything is possible.
3182 ::: Ganhar a Vida (2001) ::: During one winter night, a Portuguese teenager, Alvaro, loses his life in a fight between a youth gang and the cops in a suburb of Paris. Cidalia, a 36 year old cleaning woman, his mother, decides to defy the code of silence of the Portuguese community and tries to find the truth. She losses her friends, her job and her family but gains a life.
3183 ::: Thunder and Reins (2007) ::: Experience through the eyes of the jockeys this first-ever glimpse into what it takes to prepare for, and win the Kentucky Derby. Feel the glory of the winner's circle and the thrills of overcoming the challenges -- both physical and mental -- of the world's greatest horse race.
3184 ::: Hantu Kapcai (2012) ::: In an attempt to repay his debt to a loan shark, Ajib, a whiz on wheels, agrees to participate in a "winner-take-all" illegal bike race against his rival, Tiger. Unbeknownst to him, foul play was on the cards ... and the race ends in a fatal accident... and his own tragic death. Unaware of what has happened, Ajib wakes up from what he assumes was sleep, only to see his own corpse in the living room circled by friends and family reciting prayers for him. He soon realizes that he is trapped between the two realms when no one appears to be able to see him - with the exception of Ibrahim, an aspiring religious scholar. Constantly watching over his mother and brother, Akim - devising of ways to make them aware of his existence, he sees the loan shark demanding them to repay Ajib's debt to him. Realizing that his family is in danger, he turns to Ibrahim for help to protect his family ensure that his brother is able to assume his shoes and look after their beloved mother and avenge his untimely death. Will Ajib be able to rest in peace?
3185 ::: Nannimo detekonai hanashi (2013) ::: For more than 160 years little was known about these forgotten Swiss immigrants of the Colony Dona Francisca in the South of Brazil. Many of the Swiss descendants thought mistakenly, until very recent, that they were German descendants. Even today in Switzerland many are unaware that their ancestors had immigrated to Brazil in search for a better live.
3186 ::: More Than a Game (1992) ::: Neither rain, nor snow, nor gloom of night...can keep these hoops junkies off the asphalt courts. More than a Game is a rollicking and oft-times heartbreaking account of Chicago playground basketball. Featuring NBA stars, local legends and everyday players, MTAG makes for a fascinating companion to Hoop Dreams, which was released that same year. Over the course of three years, filmmakers Joe Angio and Joel Cohen traversed Chicago's playgrounds to find out why so many people - primarily black inner-city dwellers - devoted their lives to basketball. At the time of the film's release, more NBA players came from Chicago than anywhere else; here, we hear from three of the best. Phoenix Suns all-star forward Eddie Johnson recalls how the playground helped him to steer clear of the notorious street gangs that seduced his older brother, a far superior basketball player. Former Utah Jazz all-star guard Rickey Green returns with two childhood friends to the South Side court where they competed against Arthur "the Magician" Sybills, who they all agree is the greatest player they ever saw. Future Atlanta Hawks all-star Glenn "Doc" Rivers - who would go on to coach the Boston Celtics to an NBA title - recounts a particularly transcendent playground game that he still considers the best he's ever played in. Of course, only a select few graduate from the playgrounds to the NBA. More than a Game also reveals the stories of those who didn't make it. To this day, Bernard Harden believes "no one man can stop me," but his NBA dream ended in the minor leagues of Argentina. His bravado barely masks a lingering bitterness. As a high school sophomore in Chicago's highly competitive Public School League, Terry Rucker averaged 40 points a game. He never finished high school. Lamaar "Money" Mondane's NBA dream never came true either, but he at least achieved a modicum of fame when Reebok selected him to appear in a popular advertising campaign on "playground legends." All three continue to compete on the tiny West Side play lot of their youth. And then there are the games themselves, hard-fought and competitive. One player crashes recklessly, headfirst, into a steel support to save a loose ball. A skinny teen soars to slam home a spectacular dunk, a play worthy of any SportsCenter highlight reel. An argument threatens to erupt into chaos when two players refuse to give ground on a foul call. (The instant replay proves inconclusive.) Witnessing this passion and intensity we begin to understand why the game is so important to countless players, young and old. Why, in fact, it is More than a Game.
3187 ::: Passion and Prejudice (2001) ::: When prim and proper New England college professor Gwen Barry (Titanic's Frances Fisher) hires handsome young prison inmate Dalton Roy (Derwin Jordan) to tend her yard through a prison work furlough program, their mentor-student relationship soon turns into a passionate love affair. But when Dalton completes his prison sentence, meets a pretty young college student (Kandyse McClure), and attempts to start over again on his own, Gwen becomes obsessed with remaining a part of Dalton's life or destroying it completely.
3188 ::: Wine Tasting (2017) ::: Wine Tasting presents the damage that high-pressure careers cause in the lives of four men. John, Mateo, Franco, and Ed are good friends and professional wine tasters. They sacrifice considerable sums of money and time in order to pass the sommelier exam. Their relationship is tested when one out of the four guys doesn't pass - leading to a series of scandalous repercussions.
3189 ::: Justice Devil (2014) ::: Justice Devil is a 2014 Singapore vigilante film directed by Harva and stars Ris Yin Min & Michael Chua. The film takes place in Singapore and Malaysia and tells the story of Ellen who is driven to find justice for the death of her daughter. A few years back, Ellen (Ris Yi Min) accidentally involve herself in a gang. After a long struggle, she managed to disassociate herself with them by running away to nearby country with her daughter. They eventually find out the whereabouts of her location and kidnap her daughter, Mikka, to teach her a lesson about loyalty. George (Jullius Eddy) who is the youngest member of the gang kills the little girl to prove his superiority to his bosses. After finding out the death of her daughter, Ellen plans to get rid of the killers by herself. Series of carefully planned plot and techniques will let Ellen come close to her former friends and offer to reveal even darker secrets about her.
3190 ::: Giorni e nuvole (2007) ::: Manager Michele lost his job but didn't tell his wife Eve, who was completing her art history PhD. Michele ponders whether to accept quickly a less lucrative job or hope for a better one. He opts to look for a higher paying job, in an attempt to retain their upper-middle class status and lifestyle, but is disappointed time and time again. Eventually, they are forced to sell their home and rent an apartment in a working class neighborhood. Meanwhile, she is forced to take two part-time jobs, and stop her volunteer work restoring a fresco. As the reality of their new working-class status emerges, they struggle to hold onto their sense of selves and their relationship. Elsa, a refined and cultured art history graduate and Michele, co-founder of a maritime company, is a lovingly married couple, with a twenty-year-old daughter named Alice, sharing a prosperous life together. However, appearances aside, heavy clouds will begin to form when out of the blue, Michele confesses to Elsa that he was laid off from the company two months ago and that the couple needs to liquidate all their assets because they are, in fact, indebted to the bank. To make matters worse, Elsa is forced to adapt to this new reality, as debts and problems keep adding up. As a result, shocked and distraught, Elsa will do everything in her power to save what's left of them, while Michele, feeling betrayed and defeated, will gradually fall into limbo and self-pity. Ultimately, exhausted and unsuccessful to leave the past behind, this once inseparable couple, will inevitably alienate, risking losing their most inestimable asset: their love.
3191 ::: The Flame Within (1935) ::: Wealthy Lillian Belton attempts suicide by taking a drug overdose, so her physician, Gordon Phillips, sends her to psychiatrist Mary White for treatment. Lillian calls Jack Kerry from Mary's office and then tries to jump out of the window, being stopped by Mary, who learns that Jack is the reason for Lillian's distress. Jack is an alcoholic and doesn't care for Lillian, who loves him dearly. Mary convinces Jack to enter a rehabilitation program to cure his alcoholism. After some setbacks and eight months, Jack is apparently cured, but has developed a strong attachment to Mary, who reminds him that Lillian's dependence on him is just as strong. So Lillian and Jack are married and are apparently happy. Meanwhile, Gordon has been trying to persuade Mary to give up her practice and marry him, but Mary feels she's too devoted to her practice to give it up. At a costume ball, Jack tells Mary he loves her and that she also must love him. As they dance, Lillian gets intensely jealous, accusing Mary of trying to wrest Jack from her, and threatening a scandalous divorce. Although she has strong feelings for Jack, Mary reminds him of his obligations in his marriage and hopes he will reconcile with Lillian. At the same time she examines her relationship with Gordon.
3192 ::: Dead Farm (????) ::: It's the last day of school, and a group of teenagers is looking for the perfect place to party. An abandoned farm could be it. One by one, the teenagers will be picked off by someone who does not take kindly to intruders. Someone that comes from a history of madness. Someone that is willing to protect the farm by any means necessary.
3193 ::: I Want to Be a Pilot (2006) ::: We meet Omondi; he's 12, orphaned by AIDS, living in East Africa's largest slum, Nairobi's Kibera. We watch him emerge from his burrow in a garbage dump; then we follow him as he walks through Kibera. He tells us that he wants to be a pilot. Gradually, we learn why.
3194 ::: North for Anthracite: The Crested Butte Branch (2010) ::: The third film in a series of ten films that cover the narrow gauge operations of the Gunnison, Colorado area. This film travels mile-by-mile along the Denver & Rio Grande Western rail branch between Gunnison and Crested Butte.
3195 ::: "The Promised Land" (1995) ::: This program documents the migration of rural Southern blacks from the segregated South to Chicago. Cultural and political gains become offset by overcrowding and increasing ghettoization, as Northern politicians ignore resentment that explodes in the Sixties. Finally, Chicago gets its first African-American mayor; many families move out of the ghetto to middle-class success; many others remain mired in a growing "underclass". Includes historical footage and personal interviews. The program has three parts: (1) Take me to Chicago; (2) A dream deferred; (3) Strong men keep a-comin' on.
3196 ::: Unseen Enemy (2017) ::: Unseen Enemy is an essential exploration of reasons 21st-century populations are experiencing a rash of diseases that were once only outbreaks, but have now become full-blown epidemics. This increased risk that we face, and the ways society and individuals can work together to reduce that risk, are explained to the public through the case studies of three epidemics: Ebola, influenza and Zika. Moving across the globe, we meet doctors, disease detectives and everyday people who have stepped into the horror of an epidemic and emerged deeply changed. Epidemics bring out the best and worst of human behavior, with effects reaching far beyond the tolls of sickness and death.
3197 ::: A Man's Fight (1919) ::: An impertinent son of a wealthy New Yorker, Roger Carr takes the blame for the murder of Norman Evans, whom Roger believes his sister Ethel shot when Evans assaulted her. Although Ethel, who was unconscious, confesses to protect Roger, whom she thinks is guilty, Roger is sent to prison, and Ethel goes to a California mission. Upon his release, Roger is disowned by his father. He goes to Arizona, and after buying a copper mine, becomes the leader of the independent owners opposing the trust. After Roger instigates reforms favoring the workers, the trust reveals Roger's past. Meanwhile, Jarvis, the Carr butler, who became a gardener at the mission, gives Ethel a confession of murdering Evans, before he dies from injuries suffered in a tornado. After Ethel clears Roger's name with the confession, Roger, with the help of his stenographer, Mary Tompkins, reveals a strike leader as a tool of the trust. Roger is elected to Congress and takes Mary as his wife.
3198 ::: Challenger (????) ::: The film examines the investigation into the explosion of the space shuttle Challenger and stars Academy Award nominee David Straithairn ("Good Night, and Good Luck.") as scientist and Nobel Laureate Richard Feyman who led the investigation.
3199 ::: "Streetball Extreme: Battle for Europe" (2006) ::: 8 of the best Streetball players from the UK come together to take on the best of Europe, taking on teams from Amsterdam, Berlin, Warsaw, Krakow, Lyon, Barcelona, Lisbon and Paris, finishing with the one and only Slam Nation. Are they good enough to make it 8 out of 8?
3200 ::: One Day We Arrived in Japan (2017) ::: An intimate epic spanning 10 years and 10,000 miles, One Day We Arrived in Japan reveals how people's dreams and expectations stand up to a grueling new reality on the other side of the world. Three Brazilian families leave their homeland in pursuit of a better life in Japan -- what will happen to each of them? Over the past 25 years, hundreds of thousands of Brazilians of Japanese descent have gone to Japan to work. This unique documentary brings to light the gripping personal stories behind a major transnational phenomenon.
3201 ::: Tal (????) ::: When Western propaganda painted a drab, gray picture of life in USSR, bohemians in the capital city of the Latvian Socialist Republic, Riga, partied hard, played jazz, dressed up in mod clothes and loved passionately. One of the brightest meteoric stars to appear in that mix was Michail Tal. Independent, brainy and a bit of a spoiled enfant terrible, at 23 he became the youngest Chess Grand Master of the World. TAL is the story of his loves, his brilliant chess conquests and painful defeats and his protracted Ťwarť with the KGB bent on keeping his genius in line with Soviet dogma.With an inexplicably magnetic attraction for women, Tal's bedroom adventures of ten put him on a collision course with both his family and conservative Soviet authorities. Tal's 1st wife, Sally Landau, a jazz singer and an actress whom he married the day after they met, raced with her husband across this complicated landscape until they both burned up in each other's orbits. After a wild and drunken period of debauchery, drugs, alcohol and another impulsive marriage to a young Georgian beauty that lasted for a day, Tal finally met Gelia, his life companion. Immediately, after they moved in together, Tal's wildness clashed with her desire for stability and normalcy sometimes with painful results. Tal's family's alternative lifestyle was a continual source of laughter, outbursts of passions and frightening brushes with harsh soviet realities. His biological father Robert was a wheeler-dealer black marketeer, his brother a skirt-chaser and his mother, Ida, a happy polygamist. In spite of the opportunity to defect to the West orchestrated by Tal's friend, a black jazzman, Alex Reed, Tal returned to Riga after each tournament. This was always his choice rather than the result of the constant threat by his KGB minder, Deputy Gagarin, to retaliate against his family if he did. In the end it is Gagarin who defects while Tal returns to the USSR crowned Blitz Chess Champion of the World. In the background of Tal's story is the rarified world of chess masters and the clash of cultures and political systems of the time.
3202 ::: A Host of Trouble (2005) ::: A HOST OF TROUBLE is set in 1955 in a working class neighborhood in Chicago. Being a good Catholic girl has brought Harriet Weber nothing but trouble. Her sisters mock her, classmates call her a phony and worst of all, her mother has become convinced that Harriet has a religious vocation. Her mother's dream turns into Harriet's nightmare, played out as a flock of unstoppable nuns chasing her through the woods. As she prepares for her First Communion, Harriet is caught between wanting to please her mother and longing to be like other girls. Her friends are getting fancy First Communion dresses but a candidate for the convent can wear the family hand-me-down. She tries to make a perfect first confession but a painstaking list of sins only provokes a loud scolding from the priest. During a First Communion practice drill Sister Cletus reprimands Harriet for making suggestive movements with her tongue. Not quite understanding the accusation, Harriet assures Sister Cletus that she'd never, 'French Jesus.' This innocent remark jeopardizes her family's good standing in the parish. In a school conference an indignant Sister Cletus is forced to explain French kissing to Harriet's mortified mother. Unable to be perfect, miserable at the thought of a bleak future in the convent, Harriet lashes out at a pre-Communion photo shoot. Mayhem ensues and miraculously, Harriet's mother begins to appreciate her for who she is, not what she might become.
3203 ::: Mestecko aneb Sláva vítezum, cest porazeným (2003) ::: The film titled Small Town is a mosaic of stories and episodes from a small Czech town during the period of change between the totalitarian era and the post-communist capitalism that followed. A palette of small-time heroes who battle with the change of the social system and their personal position therein, sometimes more and sometimes less successfully. The major and minor events are based on the film director's own experiences, changed or supplemented by different degrees of poetic license. People try to go into business, to achieve restitution of property confiscated long ago by the communists, to steal and cheat in the new style, but with the old habits still rife.
3204 ::: Waffle Hut (2012) ::: After graduating from Brown University, Hope Danelles finds herself failing miserably trying to make a go of it in New York and ends up moving back to her hometown of Traver. Ohio. After realizing the small town has very little going on, Hope is forced to take a job at the local Waffle Hut.
3205 ::: Jim Breuer: Let's Clear the Air (2009) ::: One of the "100 Greatest Stand-Ups of All Time," Jim Breuer joines NBC's "Saturday Night Live" in 1995. Since then, he has gone on to star in several movies, tour the country with his "Heavy Metal Man" and "Family Man" comedy tours, and host a daily show on SIRIUS Satellite Radio called "Breuer Unleashed." You may remember Jim as the infamous Goat Boy from SNL, or his stoner persona from the cult hit "Half Baked." Now he's clearing the air with his concert event, chronicling his transformation from childhood to ultimate family man.
3206 ::: Reality Queen! (2016) ::: Reality Queen is a comedy centering on the life of a Paris Hilton-esque heiress named "London" who is struggling to regain fame after being pushed out of the limelight by three Kardashian-type sisters named "The Kims." London's life is a self-indulgent maelstrom of product endorsements, talent managers, pet psychics, private jets, fashion shows, yachts, and a celebrity posse. Despite her wackiness, she ultimately makes it back to the top of the heap. This parody of America's infatuation with fame raises the question: are these celebs-for-no-reason marketing geniuses, or are they just the accidental beneficiaries of the stupidity of the American public?
3207 ::: Reflections (2017/VIII) ::: Reflections are all around. What do we see? Our real image (who we are, what we do, what we wear) is often projected but not seen. We search for ourselves in our everyday choices - our waking lives. But when we catch a glimpse of our own reflection, we can be surprised by what we see.
3208 ::: Gita (2016) ::: Gita' juxtaposes the ups and downs experienced by a couple (Gita and Amir) whose routine life is faced with despair due to their son's trip abroad. The lead role Gita encounters serious challenges and her life is accompanied with unexpected events.
3209 ::: Lucie de tous les temps (2003) ::: Lucie Aubrac, a Résistance heroine during WWII, still actively promotes her humanist values at 89 years old. Julie Perron, a young Quebec filmmaker, embarks on a timeless quest to answer life's abiding questions. In a elevator in Paris, they meet by chance and a rich relationship blossoms and grows between the two women.
3210 ::: 0 texvertices (2000) ::: 0 texvertices white horizontal and vertical lines on the monitor flash in perfect synchronicity before a black background. Accompanied by fragile electro beats, these abstractly reduced animations are complemented by superimposed miniature video loops which have been integrated into the overall synthetic structure with equal perfection.
3211 ::: Freddie's Hairfood Factory (????) ::: When a legendary song is re-invented and becomes a hit, a group of characters is drawn together through greed, talent, vanity and a quest for artistic justice in this musical satire set in the blingy, bejazzled melting pot that is Johannesburg.
3212 ::: The Forgotten District (2008) ::: Between the Caribbean Sea and the Maya Mountains lies Toledo, known as The Forgotten District of Belize, Central America. For the last 20 years, the Maya have been promoting their own ecotourism programme in order to protect their rain forest and traditions. Despite constant opposition from the government and the tourist industry, Margarita, Reyes, Chet and their friends remain strong and optimistic. This film is a tribute to their tireless efforts.
3213 ::: Majimak milae (1980) ::: Yeong-kyeong is a famous musician who is seduced by Dong-min. Dong-min wanted a one night fling, but Yeong-kyeong pities him, believing hs story of being trapped in a loveless marriage. Dong-min has no intention of leaving his wife, however she finds out about his affair and leaves him. Dong-min escapes to his uncle's cabin in the mountains, but Yeong-kyeong follows him even there.
3214 ::: Moglie per una notte (1952) ::: A libidinous count, out of his wife's sight, pursues a mysterious woman. The town's mayor knows she is Geraldine, a femme fatale. He hatches a plot to help his nephew, Enrico, stage an opera he composed: the mayor tells the count that the mystery woman is his nephew's wife, Ottavia. Geraldine is willing to play along; she goes to Enrico's house to receive the count as Ottavia. Ottavia, shy and plain, lies low at Geraldine's, where the maid dresses and schools her. Enrico proves possessive of Geraldine, she enjoys Enrico's jealousy, the count stomps over to Geraldine's, and Ottavia may take revenge with the count for Enrico's attentions to Geraldine. Will the opera reach the stage?
3215 ::: Hardball: All Balls Don't Bounce (2008) ::: Charismatic if not-so-bright Houston vigilante Hardball experiences a personal awakening when he learns the 'good guy' cops he 'assists' are actually covering for an international sex slavery ring operating out of Houston's ship channel. Hardball's failed attempt to help one hapless slave incurs the ire of both the Russian mafia and their Houston client, the cunning gangster 'Fat Tiger'. When the gangsters harm Hardball's neighbors as a warning, he and his old war buddy, 'Crazy Tony', vow to save the girls and defeat the bad guys. Complicating matters, the Russian Mafia assassin sent to finish Hardball has plans of his own.
3216 ::: Laramie (1949) ::: A major Indian uprising is expected and Wyoming military posts are alerted. Colonel Dennison (Fred Sears) is meeting with Chief Eagle (Shooting Star) and his son Running Wolf (Jay Silverheels) when Chief Eagle is mysteriously shot. Steve Holden (Charles Starrett), an agent for the government peace commission, with the aid of a wandering shoemaker, Smiley (Smiley Burnette), discover the troubles and the Chief's murder have been instigated by Cronin (Bob Wilke), the regimental scout, for personal gain for he and his gang of outlaws.
3217 ::: Man for a Day (2012) ::: The worldwide stage appearances and workshops of the gender activist and performance artist Diane Torr, are legendary. For the past thirty years, the focus of this performance artist's work has been an exploration of the theoretical, artistic as well as the practical aspect of gender identity. Katarina Peters casted and observed a Berlin workshop taught by Diane Torr, in which a group of open-minded women came together to discover the secrets of masculinity. What makes a man a man and a woman a woman? Precisely when and where is gender identity formatted? How much is nature and how much nurture? Each of Torr's workshops represents an open-ended laboratory experiment in social behaviour in which the question is posed. The audience receives an intimate view into the lives of the participants before, during and after their transformation to newly found men
3218 ::: Instant Karma (2017) ::: 'Instant Karma' is as psychological thriller about an agoraphobic man called Steve Green, who is alone in his isolated farmhouse for the weekend, as his young daughter's (who are also his carers) are spending a few days with their grandmother, for a well earned break. Two opportunist thieves break into the house thinking it is empty. However, when they discover Steve they are unsure of what to do at first. After finding nothing of value in the house the thieves are informed by Steve that there is no cash in the house, and his eldest daughter, who is in control of the family finances, has the bank and credit cards and PIN numbers with her. The thieves decide to take Steve hostage and wait for his daughters to return. During this time they torment and ridicule Steve. They threaten to kill him and his daughter's once they have the cards and PIN numbers. In order to save himself and his daughter's Steve realises he must face his fears and fight back.
3219 ::: Immeritus (2007) ::: immeritus -a -um act. [not deserving (punishment) , innocent]; pass., [undeserved]. Faced with the opportunity to judge his younger brother's killer, Marten must face the truth about his own identity before carrying out judgment. True to its meaning, Immeritus really is about what's undeserved. It's about the light and darkness that reside in every human being, and what happens when the truth brings that to light. Shot on location in west Los Angeles and the San Bernardino National Forest by a crew of 10 student filmmakers from various colleges and universities across the nation, Immeritus is an 8 minute short film that addresses a pressing national issue through filmic narrative.
3220 ::: Exit Strategy (2015) ::: A high-octane procedural about a team of five experts associated with the CIA led by Eric Shaw who are deployed when a CIA operation goes bad to extract the ones involved before it's too late; Shaw team is supporting from Jonathan Marks a veteran CIA spy-master and mentor to Shaw who is the Exit Strategy unit's LOGPAC (support officer).
3221 ::: Wett (????) ::: A single teen father and his childhood friends with potentially bright futures seek to beat the odds of poverty within the inner city, but ultimately succumb to the lure of PCP and the violent world it entails, creating havoc in every aspect of their lives.
3222 ::: Skin (2017/II) ::: Amongst the bestrewed contents of a tight-cornered apartment, a cold draft exhales from a defunct window sill. The leak of frigid air amplifies the restlessness of an unnamed woman. She tightens and contorts beneath her thin bed sheet, fighting to escape back to her slumber, but it is hopeless. The exterior world soon comes knocking as a battered cell phone alarms on the bedside table. Her bones tremble and stomach knots. She hesitantly answers, delivering an unrecognizable but otherwise nervous conversation into her bed pillow. Hanging up the phone she knocks over a glass of water on her nightstand. Hanging off her mattress, listless and defeated, we observe her distorted through the empty glass. The woman, involuntarily thrust into the undesired day, removes her bed sheet, exposing her full self to the escaping current. Her hands outreach, examining and stretching her perceived-imperfect body. In attempt to escape her self-torture, she flicks on the television across the room. It illuminates into the overdramatized expressions of a silent film star. The woman inflates and deflates her stomach, hiding and exposing the picture as well as her exaggerated impersonations of the character on screen. The woman soon finds herself in the bathroom, face to face with her nefarious reflection. Over her head, the bathroom heat lamp illuminates the space red. At her feet, the space between the floor and the bathroom door lets in the gelid draft. The tub runs, emitting a black fluid, like development liquid, into the porcelain bath. Soon, the liquid is overflowing onto the woman's feet. The woman sinks into the now still tub, and the picture sinks into an eclectic montage of distorted images; flesh pressing against glass, lights swinging to create twisted expressions, and skin stretching impossibly across the black. We return to the woman to find her arm hanging out of the tub. From there we continue through the woman's morning routine as she angelically strolls through her now Edenic apartment, captured by a series of distorted shots. We finally catch up with her as she hesitates at her apartment door. Her cell phone illuminates the interior of her pocket repeatedly. We slowly focus, from a completely blurred image to one of complete clarity, seeing the woman fully for the first time. She wears a mask of makeup, but is empty and drained underneath. Eventually, she has no choice but to exit. As the door slams behind her, solidifying her departure, we float backwards through the apartment, now feeling colder than ever, and landing on a lifeless, deflated arm, extended from the bathroom, as if the flesh beneath it had been removed.
3223 ::: A Crisis Within (2010) ::: Thailand is on the cusp of change. Since the military coup in 2006 that ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinwatra, the country has gone through a political see-saw, and become increasingly divided into 2 distinct factions: the "red shirts"; poor, rural Thais who benefitted from Thaksin's populist policies, and the "yellow shirts"; royalists, businessmen and the urban middle class who are appalled by Thaksin's blatant corruption and abuse of power. Now, the political schism that saw politicians from both "red" and "yellow" factions taking office, has culminated in a mass protest by the red shirts, paralyzing the heart of Bangkok for months and wrecking havoc on the country's economy. What began as a peaceful, boisterous protest has escalated and become increasingly violent: shots have been fired, barricades erected and bombs thrown into public areas, killing at least 30 people and wounding hundreds along the way. Accusations of murder are being thrown by both sides. The protests have also become less about Thaksin and more about the frustrations of Thailand's rural poor who feel their voices are never heard by the urban elites who've ruled the country for over 70 years. How will this crisis be resolved? Will the people in "The Land of Smiles" be able to find a compromise for the different factions? Is Thailand heading for a permanent change? Will the balance of power be overturned at last? We attempt to find the answers through the voices of Thais from different walks of life. We follow Pik, a "redshirt" from the North East as she goes about her life in the "red camp". We trace the journey with Yok, a "colored shirt" Bangkok office worker staunchly against how the red shirts are disrupting the lives of people in the city. We chat with Jojo, a student activist who believes Thailand needs to compromise or risk descending further into anarchy and chaos. We listen to Kraisak, a democrat politician dismayed by the violent clashes that's tearing the country apart. We follow these characters through their daily routine as the political crisis unfolds. How have the characters' lives been affected by this conflict? What are their dreams for the country? What do they believe to be the key to a peaceful resolution? Through this journey, we learn about Thailand's tumultuous history, complex political landscape and the extent of the divide between the rich and the poor. We ask whether beneath this chaos and disconnect, brand 'Thailand', a nation of people who love peace, each other, their country and their culture, still holds true.
3224 ::: Getting Out of Rhode Island (2003) ::: Morgan Stipe is not a film maker. He is a self centered dreamer from small town Rhode Island, obsessed with becoming a Hollywood player, regardless of the cost. Driven by ego, Morgan launches a new production company "A Flash of Yellow Pictures," relying entirely upon the efforts and connections of others. His childhood friend, Quinley Blais, a successful Rhode Island videographer, is dragged into Morgan's twisted universe, grudgingly subsidizing Morgan's dream by providing the technical know how and by hosting the gala cocktail party celebrating the rollout of the fledgling production company. All the while, Morgan's dutiful girlfriend, Mel Cafferty, tries to salvage their relationship in spite of Morgan's relentless pursuit of fame. Morgan's real ace in the hole is a dirty little secret - known only to himself and an old friend who has already hit the big time: the now famous falling star and local hero, Jacob Mattison. With this long standing debt of silence to Morgan hanging over his head, the deeply troubled Jake is forced to be the centerpiece of the party and the catalyst for Morgan's ambitions, at the same time that he must face up to his estranged family and deal with his own demons. But will Morgan's own past will rise to face him as he trades away his soul for fame and fortune ? So as the dozens of colorful characters arrive at the party to reach for the brass ring of fame on the silver screen, friendships are strained, love is tested and dreams are made and broken by ambition, greed and desperation as each one struggles to get free of the past and, finally, get out of Rhode Island.
3225 ::: Heart of Now (2010) ::: "Heart of Now" concerns a young woman with a profound longing for a sense of family. Devastated by her boyfriend's sudden withdrawal from their relationship, she is whisked across a contrast of urban, natural and emotional landscapes. She confronts the deeper issues at the very heart of her suffering, and finds transcendence in a brief moment at the very heart of now.
3226 ::: Hranjenik (1970) ::: Group of concentration camp prisoners is being constantly tortured by their Kappo. Since they are too weak to stand against him, they pick the strongest among themselves and feed him with parts of their rations.
3227 ::: Suburban Madness (2004) ::: Bobbi Bocha, a cynical private eye who says all men cheat, narrates a story that opens in Houston with a blond purposely running over a man multiple times with her car and then cradling his head as he dies. Flash back six months to the too-exuberantly happy Harris family - Clara and David are orthodontists with a thriving practice, a big house, twin boys who love Dr. Seuss, and David's teen daughter Amy, home from college. David hires Lisa, a klutzy, teary, recently-divorced woman, as a receptionist, and an affair quickly blossoms. Clara hires Bocha. Meanwhile, Bocha pushes her own daughter, who's about to get married, to see the downside. An elephant's faithful.
3228 ::: I Am a Talkshow Survivor (2002) ::: A look at the confrontational world of the talkshow. A range of participants talk at how the system abuses, manipulates and exploits psychologically damaged people in search of ratings. The film contrasts the dangers of the talkshow circuit with the work of Jamie Husyman a clinical therapist who is a strong proponent of talkshows as a route to therapy. He offers a solution called Aftercare in which people who have appeared on the talkshow are offered free treatment in healthcare facilities.
3229 ::: On Bloody Sunday (2007) ::: Following leads through internet party blogs, a struggling high school journalist unknowingly catches the attention of a vicious, online predator who goes by Azrael. Investigating a string of mysterious disappearances in her small town, Isabel and her classmates quickly find themselves at the center of a serial killers bloody crusade against amoral teens on MySpace. Helping her is Zeek, her only true friend, as they begin to unravel the twisted web of set ups and sabotage that the elusive Azrael seems to mastermind with ease. But when Det. Ramirez, Old Springs Valley answer for law enforcement, enters the twisted plot, Isabel is forced to realize that she might be in over her head. And luckily for her Zeek is there to console her as she comes to grips with the realization of Azraels scheme, the death of her friends and the naivety of first love. Isabels journey of self discovery comes to an action packed climax of twisted revenge, morbid obsessions and heroic endings with a not to be missed plot twist that will leave you stunned.
3230 ::: The Woods (2013/I) ::: A couple (Mark & Rebecca) decide to make a documentary on Bigfoot...Mark says he will fake the "footage" by breaking twigs and leaving fake prints...after speaking to a few folks around the town and one guy who seems to be following them they head into the woods...but it seems faking it is not neccissarily an option!
3231 ::: Mädchen mit offenen Lippen (1972) ::: At the girls' school, the young teacher requests the young women to prepare a lecture on the topic "The Preliminaries", for next week, before the year's end. The girls would contact him if they had any problems with their work. Thus a series of sexual experiments start, which will involve the whole class, and even the teacher.
3232 ::: Clara (2016/V) ::: The repetitive motions of the canning process quietly remap the accreted horrors of female labor that intervenes in the lifespan of a vegetable arrested in forever-summer. A circuitous wandering explores this process and confuses conceptions of time and space as seasons accumulate into undifferentiated years of feminine relation to and reinvention of natural growth cycles. The physical constraints of the domestic and embodied architectures are eventually completely subverted by the excessive act of preservation.
3233 ::: United We Stand, Divided We Fall: The Making of 'Captain America: Civil War' (2016) ::: A two part feature. Part 1 (22:25) features cast and crew looking back at the story's comic book origins and discussing the story's thematic depth and relevance, the large assortment of characters featured in the film, the directors' contributions, the casts' abilities to perform complex stunt work, making various scenes, character relationships and development in the film, shooting locations, key props, Ant-Man's role in the film, choosing which characters would side with which faction, and General Ross' part in the movie. Part 2 (23:18) begins with a discussion of Vision's role in the film and Paul Bettany's performance, the part Black Panther plays in the movie and Chadwick Boseman's work on the film, Tom Holland's performance and Spider-Man's part in the story, making the large-scale battle between the warring factions, the villain Zemo, a major revelation in the film, and more.
3234 ::: "Tamiô" (2015) ::: One day, the current prime minister of Japan, Muto Taizan, and his useless son, Sho, suddenly discover that they have switched bodies. With no known cause or solution at hand, Sho reluctantly ends up appearing in the Diet on his father's behalf. But he completely cannot follow the deliberations as well as the questions and answers because it has been his routine to skip his studies. He is also repeatedly caught making childish responses or misreading kanji in documents. However, untainted by the adult world, Sho's straightforward opinions and genuine feelings start to mobilise the Diet and the public. On the other hand, Taizan has to lead the life of a university student and search for a job on behalf of his son, but with the brains of a prime minister. He refutes arrogant interviewers with his overwhelming knowledge and debating skills. Although Taizan wins the war of words, he is an absolute failure in the interviews itself. Furthermore, several peculiar girls whom Sho has had relationships with appear and makes Taizan more bewildered.
3235 ::: The Plague of the Zombies (1966) ::: Young workers are dying because of a mysterious epidemic in a little village in Cornwall. Doctor Thompson is helpless and asks professor James Forbes for help. The professor and his daughter Sylvia travel to Thomson. Terrible things happen soon, beyond imagination or reality. Dead people are seen near an old, unused mine. Late people seem to live suddenly. Professor Forbes presumes that black magic is involved and someone has extraordinary power. He doesn't know how close he is: the dead become alive because of a magic voodoo-ritual, and so they must serve their master as mindless zombies...
3236 ::: V mir i bran - an avan 'sirech napred' (1994) ::: This film is one of a series of AAVC films about the NATO armed forces, seen through the eyes of a Bulgarian. He does not aim at describing the technical and organizational might of the Belgian Fleet, but tries to measure the striving toward the combat effectiveness with the measure of humaneness. Are those concepts compatible at all?
3237 ::: "W.A.C.K." (2006) ::: W.A.C.K., aka Wrestling Association of Championship Krushers, is a wacky wrestling show featuring costumed characters like a wedge of cheese (The Big Cheese) and a giant banana (Atomic Banana). This new Nickelodeon mini-series is a professional wrestling program aimed at children that spoofs mainstream wrestling shows.
3238 ::: Fongaluli (1972) ::: Eccentric Professor Leviticus Wirtsus is obsessed with crossbreeding animals of different species. His research leads Wirtsus to discover a LSD-type substance called Fongaluli. The leaves of this substance cause Wirtsus' beloved lobster Shirly to transform into a beautiful human female. However, unless Shirly has a steady supply of Fongaluli leaves she will revert back to being a lobster. Wirtsus goes to a remote tropical island to find more Fongaluli leaves. During his travels Wirtsus encounters a libidinous female giant, a merry family of incest practicing freaks, a helpful sailor, and a fearsome jungle witch. While visiting a Caribbean Island, a scientist interested in interspecies breeding is introduced to a mysterious substance known to as the Fongaluli leaf. After a hallucinatory episode in which he envisions hybrid man-animals engaged in wild sex, he decides to feed the leaf to a lobster in the hopes of turning it on and crossbreeding with it. He is delighted to discover that the spiny crustacean turns into a nubile nude while under the drugs influence, but finds himself confronted by the fact the she must be provisioned with a steady fix in order to maintain her human form. Traveling far and wide in quest of the miraculous leaf, the scientist encounters a horny giantess, as well as a strange, isolated tribe that practices intra-familial sex. Meanwhile, his eight-legged sidekick referred to as Shirley in her human form uses each adventure to learn the myriad ways of love and human sexuality. Finally, while under the influence of the all-powerful Fongawitch, he escapes with Shirley from an orgy where he is being raped by a gang of wild sex fiends and is forced to make a choice: lose his crustaceous heartthrob to the sea or join her in the briny depths. A surprise ending brings this absurd fantasy to a delightful happy ending.
3239 ::: Investigating the Afterlife (2008) ::: Can a filmmaker catch a glimpse of the afterlife? Shane Free has always been fascinated with the paranormal. Now, with the help of friends and family he documents personal experiences investigating haunted places across the United States. As Shane and his crew of skeptics and believers check-in to Gettysburg, Pennsylvania's Cashtown Inn, the Prospect Place mansion in Trinway, Ohio, and other locations, you'll find out what happens "Investigating the Afterlife"
3240 ::: The Cossack Whip (1916) ::: Feodor Turov, chief of the Russian Czar's secret police, orders his Cossacks to attack a village he believes to be infested with rebels. The Cossacks attack the village and massacre almost everyone, and the young Katerina is whipped to death. Before escaping to England, her sister Darya swears to avenge her sister's death. Years later--now one of the world's most famous prima ballerinas--she returns to Russia. Turov falls in love with her and manages to secure a meeting. She coyly asks him to take her to see a prison first. As it turns out, what he has planned for her is nothing compared to what she has planned for him.
3241 ::: Thieves of Fortune (1990) ::: In this action-packed romantic adventure story, a beautiful woman must perform feats of bravery in order to inherit a $28 million fortune and win the man she loves. Lots of stunts featuring planes, motorcycles, cliff diving, alligator wrestling and gun battles.
3242 ::: In the Lake of the Woods (1996) ::: John Waylan is a candidate for U.S. senator; near the end of the campaign he is accused of ordering and participating in a massacre in a Vietnamese village. The accusation kills his career, and severely endangers his marriage. When he and Kathy flee to an isolated cabin, he awakes one morning to find her gone. Questions are asked, answers are given or hinted at, as the tension and suspense build.
3243 ::: Blockaholics (2006) ::: 1 city block, 2 contestants, and 24 hours. On this game show, people from the same block compete for the title of BLOCK MASTER and up to one year of rent money. Participants are GROUNDED for 24 hours - not permitted to set foot off the block - while they face a series of high-intensity block-specific challenges, scavenger hunts, and mind f**ks. Along the way they encounter several BLOCKSTACLES (obstacles intended to slow them down, screw them up, and test their will). Meanwhile, the scorecard at the bottom of the screen tracks their progress, determining the most block-savvy contestant of the group. After the competition, the block King/Queen is crowned at an MTV-hosted block party, and a rent check is handed over. The loser is forced to leave the block and watch the rest of the party from across the street.
3244 ::: Voyoucratie (2015) ::: Sam, a thug, is out of jail. He's having a go at a crime free new life. He attempts to get closer to his estranged kid and tries his faulting best to maintain a glimmer of hope within an inner city existence. Caught up by his past and wedged between mobsters and corrupt cops, Sam makes a string of difficult decisions, and struggles in his personal pursuit of a better world for himself and his child.
3245 ::: "Dear Food Network" (2008) ::: Guy brings two of his biggest fans to Cabo San Lucas Mexico. He shows them the Mexican pride, culture, lifestyle and flavors he enjoys when on vacation. He'll expose his new friends to the old and the new Cabo cuisines. Also he includes the places only the local foodies know about. Plus, Aaron McCargo gives one of his fans a 'behind-the-scenes' tour of the Food Network.
3246 ::: "Rakshasa Street" (2017) ::: The drama adapted by Chen Xu's fantasy comic , tells the story of a guard tour. On the Zhen Hun Street, body and soul are coexistence, the Zhen Hun guardian Yanbing Cao met a girl Ling Xia who strayed into here. Then they start a thrilling tour to guard.
3247 ::: The Woman in the House (1942) ::: This short looks at the illness anthropophobia, the fear of people. In 1901, young Catherine Starr, who lives in a small English coastal town, has an argument with her fiancé. He leaves her house, goes off to serve in the Boer War, and dies of malaria. Catherine blames herself for his death and fears others will also blame her. She does not leave her house for forty years. Groceries are delivered to the house, but no one sees who retrieves them. When the Nazis bomb her house in September 1941, she is forced to cope with the outside world.
3248 ::: Ganeun bom oneun bom (1959) ::: A mother and daughter are separated during the Korean War. The daughter becomes a famous singer, but as her mother listens to the songs on the radio and is thus unable to see the singer's face, she is unaware that the diva is her daughter.
3249 ::: Night at the Museum: Monkey Business (2007) ::: In this short we get remarks from Levy, Stiller, and monkey trainers Tom Gunderson and Mike Alexander. We learn of the challenges presented by the interaction of the human actors and Crystal the monkey. We see clips from the set offer the most compelling material, as they offer great glimpses of how the filmmakers got things to work.
3250 ::: One Diving, One Falling (2016) ::: Reflecting on a time when women were considered to have a mental illness for expressing themselves creatively through dance, this film explores vulnerability, delusion and insanity, combined with passion, artistry and beauty, giving the suppressed women of the twentieth century a life of performance in the present.
3251 ::: The House of the Dead (????) ::: An Acclaimed Biochemist and Geneticist ''Rudolph Curien'' has been Lost on Island Restricted by The U.S. Army and The Military Because of Classified Information, Employee from The DBR Corporation ''Sophie Richards'' is Searching for Victims and Body Parts for the Corporation, However Curien and Sophie have Discover Something Dangerous and Unusual About This Island, They must Survive The Island and use Unlimited Bullets to Kill Anything that comes After Them and Escape The House of the Dead.
3252 ::: Silent Britain (2006) ::: A documentary about the early years of silent films made in Britain. Showing that it wasn't just a few, easily dismissed comedies, but many high quality films including some very popular comedies and some fine dramas. Matthew Sweet shows through examples how the art and even the language of film was developed by some of these pioneers working in Britain.
3253 ::: Mozzman Episode 1: Charlie, Eddie, and Mozzman (2009) ::: An alien philosopher Mozzman finds himself in the smoke city of Los Angeles, after evacuating Mozzership which had gone malfunctioning with Earth's fatally contaminated air. In the city, he befriends Eddie the Lost Boy, who teaches him the joy of dancing. Mozzman one day gets attacked by the visions of Earth's violent history and decided to leave his days with Eddie behind and starts his long walking adventure in search of himself and 'mozz' for the future.
3254 ::: Conversations with Coco (2017) ::: Drag legend Miss Coco Peru conducts intimate interviews with some of the biggest names in entertainment. The show was developed for the stage as a live fund-raising event. Guests have included Bea Arthur, Liza Minnelli, Allison Janney, Lainie Kazan, Jane Fonda, Charles Busch, Lesley Ann Warren, and Karen Black. The guest for the series pilot is Lily Tomlin.
3255 ::: Pardonnez-moi (2006) ::: Violette, an expectant wife, who opens a nasty barrel of worms by filming a documentary about her dysfunctional family, to be shown to her (as yet) unborn son.Through her ever-present lens, Violette begins to unearth one nasty family secret after another.
3256 ::: The Doctor (1991) ::: Jack McKee is a doctor with it all: he's successful, he's rich, extremely self centred and he has no problems.... until he is diagnosed with throat cancer. Now that he has seen medicine, hospitals, and doctors from a patient's perspective, he realises that there is more to being a doctor than surgery and prescriptions, and more to life than serving only his own needs. After spending his life, his career, as a physician who treated patients with less than the respect than they deserved. He becomes a patient himself and suddenly understands what it is like to be treated like he treated so many human beings who's feelings and emotions surrounding their illnesses he never stopped to consider. Karma has come to visit and he is not prepared. He assumed that because he was a physician, that he would be treated differently than the average patient. That he would have special privileges and accommodations afforded to him due to his station he so wrongly assumed he had. Every doctor should have to see this movie as part of their humanities training, perhaps then they would be less likely to lose their empathy along the way.
3257 ::: Space Men (1960) ::: In the 22nd Century, Ray Peterson, reporter for the Interplanetary News, is assigned to write a story aboard a space station. Tension mounts between Peterson and the station commander, who believes he is in the way, but has orders to leave him alone. Errant spaceship Alpha Two enters the solar system and its photon generators are radiating enough heat to destroy Earth as it approaches. It falls to Peterson to try to figure out a way to enter the spaceship, disarm the generators, and escape before suffocating.
3258 ::: Do You Know the Milkyway? (1985) ::: Kris, thought lost in the war, returns home to discover that the town has decreed him dead and taken all of his land, home and goods. He sets off to find a means of survival and ends up in a series of catastrophic encounters with assorted villains which gets him committed to an insane asylum, where he tries to convince doctors that he is perfectly sane and actually comes from another star.
3259 ::: The Collection (2005) ::: Director Bruno de Almeida and a group of New York actors and writers made this feature film from May 2001 to December 2005 under a collaborative project called the DV Workshop. Shot with a digital camera and edited on a home computer, these films were shown on the internet as they were being made, as a work-in-progress. The project came to its conclusion on December 17th 2005 with a screening in New York City.
3260 ::: "Mutant: Leaving Humanity Behind" (2012) ::: Bodybuilder Rich Piana has become a sensation with his enormous physique and total honesty about the world of bodybuilding. From steroid cycles to eating 12+ meals a day, Rich has made a name for himself online by detailing exactly what it takes to get to his size. Before starting his own company, 5%, Rich Piana was sponsored by Mutant supplements. The company's slogan is "leave humanity behind" and Rich has certainly done that.
3261 ::: Church: The Movie (????) ::: Pastor Bernard Benjamin- As the Leader of 15th Apostle Baptist Church-, in his mid-thirties, husband, father and community activist, like most, he has his work cut out for him, but is not your average preacher. He has an unimaginable dark side. Medium build and height, he commands those who come into contact with him. Leading an entire church and staff is not an easy task, yet he presents himself effortlessly every Sunday. His mystery shall soon be revealed.
3262 ::: The Great Lester Boggs (1974) ::: Malcolm's cross-country motorcycle odyssey - just for the experience - "boggs" down in Arkansas, where he acquires his sidekick, LeRoy; befriends moonshine-drinkin', bi-plane stunt pilot, Lester Boggs; falls in love with level-headed Susan; and, all the while, confounds Sheriff Billy Bob and his department.
3263 ::: Dreaming in Baltimore (2012) ::: This independent feature follows a fictitious director named Max during the week leading up to his big film premiere. By day Max struggles to be a better man, while each night he verbally spars with various aspects of his personality come to life in front of iconic Baltimore landmarks. Dreamlike, thought-provoking, campy and all things Baltimore, Jeff Dugan wrote and directed this full-length drama over a four year period using actors, costumers, musicians and crew made up of a few friends and a slew of volunteers who responded to a CraigsList ad.
3264 ::: The Long Night of Imagination (2016) ::: Three interwoven stories happen in a calm Mediterranean city: Azad is a Kurdish filmmaker who was imprisoned because of his last film, Karim is an African refugee who never speaks about his past and Tatyana comes to the city searching her sister, who has been kidnapped by an Eastern European mafia.
3265 ::: The Last Bus Home (1997) ::: Two young punks, Reena and Jessop, meet on the day the pope comes to Dublin in 1979. Their unholy alliance leads to bed and the formation of The Dead Patriots, a punk band. Three years later, they have become a big band in a small town. The offer of a unique record deal in London increases tensions that had already started to grow within the group.
3266 ::: At the Pole of Heaven (2012) ::: This performance for the camera is inspired by the Finnish epic poem, The Kalevala. In the first canto, the water-air goddess rises from her long lament in primordial waters to 'set about her creations', initiating the birth of earth and skies. She traverses the birch world tree, as a conduit between the worlds of the physical and celestial, a universal journey of the mythic and human alike.
3267 ::: Partizántól kurtizánig (2014) ::: Éva Kardos was born in 1924 as the niece of the infamous Hungarian communist dictator, Mátyás Rákosi. Her story starts with early immigration to Moscow, school years spent with classmates like Mao Ce Tung's offspring, then as a teenage partisan during WW2. After the war, her life continues as wife of the head of the secret service, before an adventurous escape on a tank during the 1956 revolution. Last - but not least - prostitution at the age of 56 after her husband's mysterious death. Now she is 85. This film is about her life.
3268 ::: The Burning Times (1990) ::: The Burning Times is a Canadian documentary about the witchcraft trials & persecutions that swept through Europe in the 15th-17th centuries. This was a period when those accused of being heretics or witches were tortured & executed, often by fire.
3269 ::: Out of Love (????) ::: Maggie Carlson is a girl of eighteen who seems to have it all. Raised in a wealthy Connecticut suburb, she has had all of the comforts and luxuries one can only hope for. She is beautiful, smart, popular and has a promising future ahead of her. In an instant, Maggie's world is shattered when a mysterious stranger shows up at her door holding the secrets of a past she was never meant to find out. To Maggie's horror, the stranger reveals the parents she has loved, looked up to, and relied on have deceived her. Everything she knows about herself and her past, is a lie... This sets off a turbulent series of events which change Maggie's life forever. Through this gut-wrenching tale of love, loss and sacrifice, Maggie transforms from a selfish girl into a strong young woman, who comes to understand the depth of love between family and that the ties that bind are stronger than anything she could ever imagine.
3270 ::: Rendezvous at Ningaloo (1993) ::: "RENDEZVOUS AT NINGALOO" Producers - Andrew & Liz Wight Director - Liz Wight Filmed in the north west of Australia near Ningaloo Reef, this documentary looks at the phenomenal leviathan, the whale shark. Together with acclaimed scientists, the Wights conduct valuable research into the feeding behaviour, and movements of these mysterious creatures. Footage of rare coral spawning which attracts the whale sharks forms part of this documentary as does the fascinating research into dolphin behaviour taking place at Monkey Mia Dolphin Resort.
3271 ::: SC Featured: True North (2017) ::: True North: The Sean Swarner Story is an unflinching documentary about one man's relentless quest to prove that nothing is stronger than the human spirit. As a teenager, Sean Swarner was diagnosed with two lethal forms of cancer. Both times he was given only weeks to live and both times he fought back and survived, but not before the disease claimed one of his lungs. Now, he's trekking to the brutal and unforgiving North Pole, where temperatures hover around minus 40 degrees. If he makes it, he will have completed The Explorers' Grand Slam - climbing the highest peaks on all seven continents and then trekking to the South and North Poles. His feat is daunting, but Sean is on a mission- a Mission of Hope. Swarner has dedicated each one of his climbs to the cancer patients he hope to inspire- symbolized by a flag he carries with him to each peak. His exploration to the North Pole is no different. With the help of Vern Yip, television personality and interior designer, Sean designs the Flag of Hope. Months leading up to his final endeavor, Sean takes the Flag of Hope across the country. One by one, those affected by cancer put their names and loved ones on the flag. United by one purpose, Sean hopes to cover the world in hope. True North, The Sean Swarner Story is a jaw-dropping look at how far a man will go to feel alive, and to bring hope to millions of people touched by cancer around the world.
3272 ::: The Gay Marriage Thing (2005) ::: Lorre and Gayle were heartbroken when they learned their two great-aunts - sisters who'd lived together their entire 80+ years - were on the verge of losing their 1850's home because it was too big a burden to care for anymore. "Having to leave your home just because you're older?" Lorre asks. "After living there 60 years?" Gayle adds. "Unfair," they agree. So they did something about it. Lorre and Gayle broke their apartment rental lease and moved in with a very grateful Gertrude and Germaine, to be financial, emotional and physical caregivers for their elderly aunts. "We were the Golden Girls for a while there, and we still call ourselves that, even though we lost Auntie Gert last year," Lorre adds. "But Auntie Germaine is still feisty and we do for her because that's what we've both been taught. You take care of family." With that, the first few moments of THE GAY MARRIAGE THING paint a picture of what it means to be a family. Gayle and Lorre, thirtysomething college sweethearts who marked their 15th anniversary a year after the Massachusetts Supreme Court ruled a ban on same-sex marriage unconstitutional, form the heart of this documentary scrapbook. From the protests outside the Massachusetts State House, to the churches of the Reverends Rich Wiesenbach and Carlton Smith, to the historic chambers echoing State Representative Kathi-Anne Reinstein's perspective, and to how all of these voices swirl in the air around Gayle and Lorre as they approach May 17, 2004, the first date same-sex couples could file for marriage licenses in Massachusetts. While eavesdropping on the emotional and spiritual toll this issue has taken upon all parties, the story carries forth to the everyday angst and anticipation of Lorre and Gayle's own wedding. THE GAY MARRIAGE THING is not some historical commentary on gay rights in the United States. It is instead a small story with big implications. By focusing on one suburban couple and the multitude of events that directly affect that couple's otherwise average life, THE GAY MARRIAGE THING strives to show a different side of this issue than documentaries or television newscasts have thus far. This tale is cinematic in its storytelling, rather than journalistic in its reporting. There are plenty of other worthy documentaries where "experts" abound. But this film is about the biggest experts of all, real people. With protesters and their colorful signs serving as a Greek chorus, and an array of opinions from church, state, and everyone in between, this is the film that family members can finally watch together. THE GAY MARRIAGE THING is the documentary that opens dialogue, fully expecting the audience to continue it.
3273 ::: "Forgot" (2017) ::: Ram shines light on the delusion of mental illness that is still overlooked in a current, self-obsessive day and age. It addresses the stigma and display its lack of social and even medical relevancy, using comedy as a sort of pain reliever to ease an audience along a most tender subject matter. In the film, the pressure to conform leaves the characters frustrated with each other and their lack of understanding, both with self and additional relationships. The main character discovers and utilizes her own strength to inspire and not only survive, but thrive, a main theme of the series. She experiences life through an unexpected new lens and trusts the world in aiding her with what she sees as merely getting by in life. An anxious mind works in many ways- it can drive progress but also fuel unsettling difficulties that can put a toll on the individual carrying it all. Mental illness in today's age is more seen and heard than ever before, but not up to the ultimate standard quite yet. Sandra is a most passionate young woman who re-evaluates her mindset after receiving news of a rare disorder that affects her short-term memory. While she and her loved ones address the issue, the characters learn how to cope with their own anxieties, struggle with independence and come face to face with the burdens of a fading youth. As she continues on what is now an untraditional transition into adulthood, Sandra is overcome with more pressure from herself to succeed.
3274 ::: Jazz Funeral for Democracy (2018) ::: Mr Fontana's attorney representation of New Orleans police brutality cases against Afro Americans. More specifically the case centering around the Charles Cheatham police killing on Bourbon Street in April of 1975 by New Orleans police officer Stephen Reboul. The jury in Louisiana Civil District Court in New Orleans, Judge Tom Early presiding, granted Sheryl Cheatham, widow of Charles Cheatham, and her young son, an award of $619,000 the first to receive a payout from the city for brutalities caused my the New Orleans police Department.
3275 ::: Kentucky Rifle (1955) ::: A man escorts a wagon load of Kentucky rifles through Indian territory and must find a way to get through without losing the rifles to the Indians. Unfortunately the Indians know about it, and give the occupants an ultimatum: either the rifles or their lives.
3276 ::: A Haunting on Hamilton Street (2010) ::: 3 locations, 760 hours of investigation, condensed into a hair raising 90 Minutes! The most thorough paranormal investigation ever conducted! A location so active as exorcist had to be flown in! With its violent land lawless past, Old Town Saginaw may be one of the most haunted places in the United States. Running through Old Town like a main artery is the infamous Hamilton Street. What will investigators uncover amongst the centuries-old structures? What lurks in the shadows awaiting them? Watch the disturbing evidence unfold as investigators spend an astonishing 24 months exploring prohibition-era tunnels, a former mortuary and a hotel/saloon inhabited by a malevolent demonic entity. Witness the most thorough paranormal investigation ever conducted!
3277 ::: In Search of History: The Night Tulsa Burned (1999) ::: Long-buried tale of the tragic hours that brought Greenwood to a fiery end, and the misunderstanding that started when a white elevator operator accused 19-year-old Greenwood resident Dick Rowland of assault prompted the violent race riot. Eyewitness accounts, archival film, and dramatizations recount the 1921 race riots in Tulsa.
3278 ::: Get your Gonads (2018) ::: The Gonads, a working class Street Punk band, celebrate their 40 years of failure by attempting to break America with a live tour. This darkly comic caper follows the five hard-drinking buddies as they confront their mid-life crisis, attracting a following of psychopaths, groupies, debt collectors and aggrieved boyfriends along the way even the constitution has to be re-written. Throw in sex, drugs, and rock 'n' roll, mix with delusions of adequacy, buckets of hubris, and a pinch of philosophy, season with hardcore curry powder and then heat until it explodes. It's a tumultuous ride.
3279 ::: The Trees Have Names (2017) ::: THE TREES HAVE NAMES is a psychological thriller shot in 2016 and written by Jennifer DiMarco. Tori is a young woman caught between shifting realities. Is she being stalked through an ancient forest? Who is the child she keeps seeing? Or is Tori just escaping her own riddled brain because she's finally been committed to an asylum? As the story unfolds, we learn more and more about Tori, the child, and her beloved grandfather and friends and doctors.
3280 ::: "AppTV" (2011) ::: Join hosts Mike Agerbo and Maryam Mehrtash as they take a fast paced 30-minute ride exploring the ever evolving world of apps and help viewers make the most of their smart phones, tablets, cars, and social networks! Our mission is to test the numerous apps produced each day and inform audiences on which ones are fun and useful and which ones not to waste time or money on. With 30 million apps downloaded each day world-wide, there's no limit to what Mike and Maryam will explore!
3281 ::: Un Printemps d'Ailleurs (2017) ::: Li Fang, a Chinese immigrant who has been living in Montreal for over 10 years. Her infertility and her violent separation from her Quebecois husband, Eric, have pushed her to the brink of despair. Escaping the chaos in Montreal, Li Fang visits her grandfather in Dazu, her birthplace in south China. The support and inspiration provided by her family and an old lover helps her break the impasse in her life. Li Fang, a Chinese immigrant who has been living in Montreal for over 10 years. Her infertility and her violent separation from her Québécois husband, Eric, have pushed her to the brink of despair. Escaping the chaos in Montreal, Li Fang visits her grandfather in Dazu, her birthplace in south China. The support and inspiration provided by her family and an old lover helps her break the impasse in her life.
3282 ::: Esmy Mostafa Khamis (2013) ::: On July 23, three weeks after the 1952 revolution, workers in Kafr Al Dawar went on strike, demanding an increase in wages and more rights. The uprising was quashed and military courts convicted civilians for the first time in the history of Egypt. Mostafa Khamis and Hasan Albakary were among the workers who were executed. Sixty years later, MY NAME IS MOSTAFA KHAMIS explores the events of the 1952 uprisings, and how the Egyptian workers' movement was successfully quelled until February 1968, when their voices rose once again.
3283 ::: Eomeoniui him (1960) ::: A woman finds that she is having a very difficult time with her father-in-law who stronly disapproves of her past as a kisaeng. After her husbnd's untimely death, she is thrown out of the house and forced to leave her children in her in-law's care
3284 ::: Ein Sommer in Masuren (2015) ::: A German woman from Franckfurt has been fired from her job in the bank when she receives news about her father's death. After that, she's informed she's the heiress of some land located in Masuria, Poland where her father spent three weeks at his nurse's home. She has to travel there in order to resolve her financial problems when she meets a Polish farmer who happens to be that nurse's brother.
3285 ::: The Grief (2009) ::: A group of media students are making a documentary about a legend of the Black Widow - a woman who lived the 1900 th century. She was unmarried, but she had two children, a girl and a boy. People in her village couldn't accept her, and they called her a witch. They kidnapped her children and murdered them. The woman was tortured and killed too. Since then the rumors have said that the woman is still around in the village. The students made a trip to the house where the Black Widow lived once...
3286 ::: Oscar (1960) ::: Christian Martin asks his employer Bertrand Barnier for a raise as well as his daughters hand in marriage. Barniers daughter Colette confesses she is in love and exaggerates by pretending to be pregnant. But Martin doesn't know the woman he loves lied about being Barniers daughter and Bertrand doesn't realize his daughter means to marry his driver Oscar, whom he recently let go.
3287 ::: Solnechnyy udar (2014) ::: Only one night with the stranger becomes the real delusion for the main character. This "sunstroke" doesn't release it even in most "damned days" of death of the Russian Empire - According to the story of the same name and Ivan Bunin's diaries "Damned days".
3288 ::: Lillian Gish in a Liberty Loan Appeal (1918) ::: Instead of buying bonds, Lillian buys new clothes. Then she has a dream that her home has been invaded by German soldiers, and her family has been taken away. Two officers enter her room and as she struggles to get away she wakes up. Her relief is so great that she puts all her money in Liberty Bonds.
3289 ::: Round Trip (2003) ::: Nurit and Mushidi have come to Tel Aviv for very different reasons. Nurit packs up her son and daughter and leaves her jobless husband for what she hopes will be a more fulfilling life in the big city. Meanwhile, Mushidi has left Nigeria and her young son to look for work. When Nurit realizes that her bus-driving job will not pay the bills and allow her to watch her children, she decides to hire a nanny. Enter Mushidi who agrees to watch the children in exchange for room and board. Mushidi's smile and optimism seem to brighten the apartment immediately, and soon Nurit and Mushidi are spending time together on the bustling streets of Tel Aviv. When their friendship blossoms into something more, Nurit is forced to make a tough decision.
3290 ::: The Bourne Supremacy: Crash Cam - Racing to the Streets of Moscow (2004) ::: This featurette reveals a lot of the secrets to filming the climactic chase scene. The most common method was having the car controlled by a driver in a rig fitted to the top of the actual car, to allow the camera a lot of freedom in filming.
3291 ::: Daddy I Want a Child (2006) ::: Annabelle is a volatile and emotionally delicate rich girl. Within a distorted self image, she inhabits a world of preposterous behavior and unrealistic demands.Obessive,she rehearses her desperate demands for 'Daddy's' love. She is needy and lonely. Perhaps,in the end, Annabelle comes full circle as she tells her father she is only a child ; he should want her as much as she wants a child.
3292 ::: Hustle (????/I) ::: In order to pay back a mob boss they've stolen from, an ingenious crew of multi-ethnic London con artists is forced to go to Paris to secretly infiltrate the organization of his French rival and steal a computer program that assures criminal dominance to those who possess it. But soon no one can be trusted as agendas shift, allegiances slide, and their very identities come into question.
3293 ::: Wherever the River Takes You (2015) ::: A homeless bible salesman with a haunted military past is led by divine intervention to fulfill his purpose in life. However, his purpose in life ties into an abused town family while involving his troubled military roots. "Wherever the River Takes You" is a unique and faith driven film by Gabriel Kissinger. This film takes you on an emotional journey by showing you how God's plans are bigger than yours, and that everything happens for a reason.
3294 ::: Ayer Maravilla Fui (2017) ::: A lonely character lives day by day in Mexico City, unable to control the changing from one body to the next from time to time. His hopelessness is questioned when he meets a woman named Luisa. He struggles with himself and tries to communicate the love that feels for Luisa, hoping to be with her despite his condition.
3295 ::: "Ballroom Bootcamp" (2005) ::: Ballroom Bootcamp is the series where three "Average Joes or Janes" from all walks of life undertake a rigorous five-week training program. Top ballroom dance professionals Susannah Cuesta, Gocha Chertkoev and Christian Perry will attempt to give the participants the physical, mental and social tools necessary for success, and stop at nothing to transform the participants from ordinary to extraordinary. The Ballroom Bootcamp participants will learn one of five dance styles - the cha-cha, waltz, tango, jive or rhumba - and then face off against one another in an authentic, professionally adjudicated competition.
3296 ::: Corridos sin rostro (1995) ::: CORRIDOS SIN ROSTRO is an exceptional documentary film shot in Mexico, about the 1994 historical uprising of the Zapatistas, the last Mayans of the state of Chiapas. This film is a reference work about the life of the "men and women without a face", these masked peasants who took on the fight for the dignity of the Indigenous people, resurrecting the fair cause of "Land and Liberty". Subcomandante Marcos, the charismatic rebel leader, narrates "the Legend of the People of Corn " and the Band of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation sing "Corridos", popular ballads honoring the heroes of the 1917 revolution, Emiliano Zapata and Pancho Villa, who more than ever inspire their struggle. CORRIDOS SIN ROSTRO received the "Award of Merit in Film" by the Latino American Studies Association, Washington D.C. in 1995. This same year, it was presented at the American Film Institute Film Festival of Los Angeles.
3297 ::: Asphalt (2016/III) ::: Asphalt' delves into the lives of two truck drives on the road, crossing borders, towns and cities, loading and unloading goods. Lebanese truck driver, Derar Nsseir, transports goods across Syria, Jordan and all the way to other countries. Meanwhile, Mohamad Mehani, an Egyptian, drives across Egypt and to the Sudanese border delivering necessities. Yet these two have one thing in common: making a living in ever-changing scenery on an asphalt road that stretches miles across the Arab world. 'Asphalt' takes us on a journey to examine closely the subtle relationship between man and machine, and provides a reflection on life from behind the wheel.
3298 ::: Heap O' Trouble (2002) ::: Claude Stuart rocks the house in his first feature-length comedy DVD, "Heap O' Trouble"! In this priceless routine; Claude discusses Southern Belles, the difference between American & British homeless people, and why he thinks God is a woman. Check out this gut-busting, full-throttle, no holds barred performance!
3299 ::: Raspoutine (1954) ::: Gregory Iefommovich Raspoutine is a monk with healing powers and a liking for debauchery who manages to insinuate himself into the court of the Romanoffs thanks to Princess Dikvona. Being the only person able to heal he son of Czar Nicolas II and Czarina Alexandra from his hemophilia, he becomes a very powerful man, which infuriates many.A group of nobles, determined to save the monarchy, start conspiring to murder him...
3300 ::: Gijs (2017) ::: Soldier of Orange, Goede Tijden Slechte Tijden, Havinck, Paul Verhoeven, Frans Weisz, Joop van den Ende and Barbra Streisand. There's one man who connects this all: Gijs Versluys. The documentary 'Gijs' focusses on his career and everything he has meant for Dutch film and television from the 60's up until the late 90's. Through personal stories from his inner circle, including famous film directors Paul Verhoeven and Frans Weisz, we are given a look into the life of film of this man. With every film and project, we get to know him better: who Gijs was and what he has done for the film and his surroundings. His unique way of producing makes that he was able to accomplish so many great things. It is a personal approach of an important period in Dutch film and TV. By highlighting the life of Gijs Versluys, we find out how much he has meant for the careers of many.
3301 ::: The Welsh Great Escape (2003) ::: In 1945 70 German POWs escaped from the high security camp in Bridgend in Wales and were tracked by a motley collection of armed soldiers, Home Guard, dogs, local children and Girl Guides. One of the largest manhunts of the whole war was dramatic, serious and comic in turn - but not tragic.
3302 ::: The Kidnapping of Maya Gates! (2008) ::: A thug breaks into the home of a beautiful woman, tosses her father in a closet and proceeds to strip, bind and gag the frightened damsel in a variety of stringent bondage positions. In another segment, a petite woman is no match for her tormentor, who binds the whimpering lass in a tight hogtie. The captor becomes the captive when the smaller woman slips her ropes and securely trusses her sadistic foe.
3303 ::: Once Upon a Time in the CIA (2007) ::: A small-town Texan raises an army of 30,000 tribesmen for the C.I.A. in Southeast Asia and fights an innovative, successful war ... for a while. Forty years later, Bill Lair is back home in Texas, with strong ideas on how the U.S. government should (and should not) be fighting wars overseas with the help of indigenous people. Meanwhile, 200,000 Hmong tribes people from Laos have come to the U.S., as a direct result of Bill Lair's C.I.A. operation, and they have a few things to say to him about changing their destinies.
3304 ::: Glamour (2000) ::: Three generations of Hungarian Jews with a furniture shop in Budapest: at the center is the love affair of Imre and Gerda. Imre is the elder son of the family patriarch, a veteran of the Great War. Imre greets Gerda when she arrives from Germany to teach; he shepherds her through a sham marriage and divorce so that she, an Aryan, can marry him. He becomes a Christian and has their son Kisfiu, the story's narrator, baptized. We follow family fortune from brief Bolshevik rule in 1919 through the rise of the Nazis, Imre's life in a camp, hiding during World War II, the fate of Gerda and Imre's brothers, the ascendancy of the Communists, revolt, and Kisfiu's growing up.
3305 ::: Brainwashed America: Taste the Fear (2016) ::: A documentary showing the truth behind the US media FEAR MONGERING, ISIS, FALSE FLAGS, EBOLA, ZIKA, 911 and OTHER TERROR ATTACKS. Mass Media serves one purpose, and it's not journalism Fear, Fear, Fear!!. Studious use of fear including exaggeration, and usually repetition to control the public in order to achieve a desired outcome. Do not question authority. Submit, and Obey. Because the more TV you watch, the more likely you are too think that what you are watching represents reality.
3306 ::: Mr. and Mrs. Iyer (2002) ::: Meenakshi Iyer comes from a devout Hindu Brahmin family, purely vegetarian, who not only abstain from meat, but also food from restaurants, is the only child, married to Subramaniam Iyer from Tamil Nadu, has just given birth to a young son, Santhanam, and is visiting her mom. It is then they receive news that her mother-in-law is ill and wants Meenakshi back home in Calcutta. The parents arrange to drop her and her son off at the bus-stand, where they are introduced to a young photographer named Raja Chowdhury. Meenakshi's parents ask Raja to look after her, to which he agrees. The bus starts off, taking it's passengers through scenic hillside. The bus driver comes across a sign that the regular road is closed and he decides to take another route. After a few hours the bus comes to a stop as there is a line-up of vehicles ahead. The passengers are told that there has been a terrorist attack on a train resulting in the death of about 200 people. The region, predominately Hindu, believe that the attack was carried out by Muslims and there is retaliation by Hindu extremists. Curfew has to be imposed by the police to prevent further riots and casualties. It is then that a Police Jeep containing Police Officer Raj Arora drives by, asking all passengers to board their respective vehicles, as the area is under curfew. The passengers comply, shut the door, and wait for the traffic to clear. It is now dark and the silence is broken by men with fire-lit torches asking the driver to open the door of the bus, which he does. A group of extremists ask the passengers to identify themselves, and prove to them that they are Hindus, some have to take their pants off. Meenakshi identifies Raja as her husband, Mani. A Jew loudly claims that there are only two Muslims and points to Iqbal Ahmed Khan and his wife Najma. Iqbal is taken off the bus, a visibly upset Najma follows him, and they are killed. It is then the truth unfolds that Raja is not the young man's name but he is Jehangir - a Muslim. An upset Meenakshi must now come to terms with her Brahmin background, which prevents her from coming into contact, drinking water, sharing food, with even a non-Brahmin, leave alone a Muslim, especially now that she has identified him as her "husband" to protect him from being killed. The question remains will this "marriage" last or will Jehangir be discovered before they reach Calcutta. A bus is setting out to Calcutta from a village in West Bengal. Meenakshi Iyer, who is from a strict orthodox Hindu background, is leaving to Chennai for her husband, with her young child, after the vacation with her parents. By chance, she gets a co-passenger who is also to Chennai, Rajah, a photographer, introduced by one of the friends of her father. During the journey they build a good relationship. But a Hindu-Muslim communal riot sets out in the meantime, in some areas they had to travel. Then she comes to face the fact that Rajah is not a Hindu but a Muslim whose real name is Jehangir. Even though she curses herself at that time while some Hindu fanatics evade their bus she saves him introducing as Mr. Iyer. But they have to reach their destination while the other passengers know Rajah as no one else but Mr. Iyer.
3307 ::: Ruby (????) ::: Karat and Sludge are two adolescent creatures and best friends, that want to grow up, but cannot, unless something or someone saves their dying planet, called Hera. They have heard that it is possible to grow up on a planet called Juneau, and they would have to leave Hera against the wishes of their elders to get there. Juneau is forbidden to visit, and is considered extremely dangerous. But like so many younglings, Karat and Sludge ignore their elders' wishes and warnings, and run away to Juneau in the hopes to finding a way to finally grow up. Juneau appears to be a land of fun, adventure, and full of life, but it soon turns on them, and their desire to grow up is fed by lies and deceit, and leaves Sludge held prisoner and Karat almost forced off of the planet. As Karat tries to find a way to save Sludge, he uncovers Juneau's many dark, terrible secrets, and finds out that Juneau is actually the reason that Hera is dying. Sludge escapes and joins his best friend to fight and destroy the evil that is killing their home, and threatening their very existence. Hera's life force is restored, and not only can Karat and Sludge grows up, they are forgiven by their elders for running away.
3308 ::: Wave of Change: Balinese Surfer 2 (2002) ::: In the middle of Indonesia, the most populous Muslim nation on earth, there is a tiny island where the people are almost all Hindu. The island is Bali, and the Balinese share their daily lives with legendary Hindu gods and heroes who have walked and danced on the island for a thousand years. Over the last thirty years another group of legendary figures has captured their imagination, dancing on water. 25 years ago Bill Leimbach made a documentary called Balinese Surfer, about the first foreign surfers to arrive in Bali. They left more than their boards behind. They left a legacy, which has become an industry and to some, even a fortune. That early film portrayed how the first Balinese copied these Australian and American surfers and broke through the age-old taboos that said the sea was the home of demons and evil spirits. The sequel Waves of Change, revisits those original Balinese boys to see what has happened in their lives, to their island and to the sport of surfing itself. All the original surfers have had fascinating careers and personal developments. One has become a Hindu priest, two have become surf wear millionaires, while another works for Qantas Bali Tours. Waves of Change follows the old boys as they use the glamour of the young generation of national surfing stars to bring media attention to some of the environmental issues they face today - plastic, pollution, sewerage run-off into the surf and reef bombing. The new film follows both generations as they build their Wave of Change Organisation and its first team of athletic ambassadors.
3309 ::: Ser o estar (2008) ::: After his hallucinations cause problems in the U.S., Andy sets out to become immersed in the culture of a small Spanish town. Starting a new life in the birthplace of Miguel de Cervantes, who created the greatest dreamer to ever occupy our imaginations, Don Quixote de la Mancha, Andy soon finds that his new group of friends won't provide an escape from the traps of his mind and that living up to the myth of the great knight proves to be a greater challenge than he had thought. As the title suggests, Andy must battle his own giant windmills, go on modern adventures, and navigate the ways of Spanish women to find a way to be... or to be.
3310 ::: Filmen om Haveje (1984) ::: 'Haveje' is the name of the commune depicted in Erik Balling's 'Midt on Natten' starring Kim Larsen and Erik Clausen. This documentary follows the making of the movie, the most expensive feature film ever made in Denmark at the time. 'Filmen om Haveje' was shown on Danish television as a prelude to the opening nationwide of 'Midt on Natten' in 1984. It features interviews with cast and crew, and shows for the first time in the history of Danish filmmaking scenes from behind the camera.
3311 ::: Nudes on Tiger Reef (1965) ::: A Broadway director goes to a Florida nudist camp for a rest. He's shocked to discover that the star of his Broadway show is also a nudist and he decides to make a movie there with her.
3312 ::: Brichos: A Floresta é Nossa (2012) ::: The inhabitants of the village of Brichos must decide the future of their city, threatened with losing the forest for investors and international terrorists. Armed with courage, intelligence and good humor, the animals must face this great challenge.
3313 ::: The Dialogue: An Interview with Screenwriter Jim Uhls (2006) ::: In these in-depth discussions, some of today's most successful screenwriters share their work habits, methods and inspirations, secrets of the trade, and eye-opening stories from life in the trenches of the film business. It's powerful knowledge straight from the source.
3314 ::: Trappeurs de volcans (2010) ::: Whether the Philippines, Papua New Guinea, Colombia, Chile, Italy or Iceland, each of these countries is home to active volcanoes that are a threat to the populations settled at their feet. Every day, lava, ash, gas, bombs and avalanches are likely to slide down the gaping mouths of these rock giants. To avoid disasters, vulcanologists are asked to anticipate and warn, they are asked to be prophets and to know how to analyze the volcanoes' slightest tremors. Around the world, these volcano doctors use their tools and knowledge to try and protect those who live beneath the Earth's fire.
3315 ::: A Bucket list of a 17 year old boy (2015) ::: The film tells the story of three high school students who gather to realize their friend's dream. Su-hyeon, the leader of the 8-member middle school band called A.D.H.D. 5 members including Su-hyun sacfrificed their lives in Sewol ferry disaster. The rest three are preparing a gig for the friends. This follows their footsteps.
3316 ::: Single Belief (2016) ::: Ximending was once the trendiest area in Taipei, and it's also where 'Kang-sheng Lee' (qv)'s first film was shot. Twenty years ago, director 'Ming-liang Tsai' (qv) asked Lee if he wanted to be in his film, and Lee's answer changed the course of his own life forever. Now Lee returns to where his career began to shoot a film about himself.
3317 ::: Hochzeitskönig (2015) ::: Gentle, patient Bavarian policeman Barney Brunner soon starts regretting having agreed to merge his household -including duly skeptic preteen son Feddy - with his chaotic lover, workaholic social worker Hanna König -with teen brat Lia, who asks neither before inviting her hunky boyfriend Alkan in her bed. Hannah's mother Wilhelmine being hospitalized after a car crash, she volunteers to run her wedding agency, but finds it dangerously in debts and commandeers Barney's 'help' to save it. Barkeeper and bride client Jenny pawned the rings bought by groom Simon Riedel, an unsuspecting ministerial driver, who ignores her gambling addiction and semi-fraudulent first marriage. Hannah even drags her home, wrecking Barney's last hope of some privacy or quiet, even expects his legally dubious help for the thief.
3318 ::: Between Entrance and Exit (2013) ::: Between Entrance and Exit is a bizarre ramble through a labyrinth of memories, regret, guilt and longing. A man and a woman love, fight and cherish each other. In a constantly changing room, they try to give meaning to the time given to them between Entrance and Exit. The result is a surrealist mix of tragic and humoristic, at times clownish scenes. Second dance film by director Conen and choreographer Kylián, who previously surprised the public with Car men (2006).
3319 ::: Hardcore (1994) ::: It was a contest, albeit not your average one. Nikki Dial was looking for a look-alike to handle some of the many personal appearances a porn star must make. She finds another Nikki Dial. And Nikki #2 finds herself doing a lot more than personal appearances.
3320 ::: Stand (2009/I) ::: Broadcaster Tavis Smiley dissects this national discourse with ten Black male friends over several days during a special road trip through Memphis and Nashville. While visiting places like the Lorraine Motel, where Dr. King died, and Stax records, credited with laying the roots of southern soul, Smiley and friends explore the diversity and complexity of the Black male experience in America past, present and future. STAND reveals the journey of a unique group of scholars, musicians, comedians and social critics as they gather for a rare reflection of brotherhood while confronting their own roles and responsibilities as pioneers of social progress.
3321 ::: In the Company of Strangers (2001) ::: Brian Nowicki is arrested for his participation in a hate crime and sentenced to 600 hours of community service in an AIDS hospice. Faced with the reality of people living their lives in the shadow of this devastating disease, Brian is forced to reexamine his own values and priorities. In The Company Of Strangers is the story of a young man in trouble with the law who is sentenced to 600 hours of community service in an AIDS hospice. There it is hoped he will learn tolerance and compassion. While there, he helps to reconcile a dying man with his estranged son. At the same time, the young man reconnects with his own distant father.
3322 ::: Proudly We Stand: The Inauguration of Barack Obama (2009) ::: This film documents the unprecedented excitement in Washington, D.C. in the days surrounding January 20, 2009, when Barack Obama was inaugurated as the 44th President of the United States. The filmmakers take viewers to a number of inaugural events, national monuments and the streets of Washington, interviewing a wide range of people along the way: celebrities, executives, politicians, young and old, male and female, gay and straight, a variety of ethnicities, with the primary focus on average people, the so-called man in the street. Viewers will feel and experience the inauguration as the average person did, but they will also hear from celebrities and the young man who helped Obama paint a homeless shelter bedroom on Martin Luther King Day, among others. People are asked what Obama's amazing journey has meant to them and what his story and his family means to them. And, in a unique and inspired twist, all those interviewed are asked to directly address the new President with their comments, questions, concerns, and hopes. The results are emotional, powerful and inspiring.
3323 ::: Hanbleceya (2005) ::: A teenage Native American boy is caught between his father's embrace of the white man's western culture and grandfather's committment to his heritage and tradition. The boy finds both pain and revelation through his hanbleceya (Vision Quest), a Lakota right of passage.
3324 ::: UFC 192: Cormier vs. Gustafsson (2015) ::: UFC light heavyweight champion Daniel Cormier will make his first title defense on Saturday, October 3rd when he battles No. 2 contender Alexander "The Mauler" Gustafsson in the main event of UFC 192 in Houston, Texas. Former United States Olympian Cormier struck gold in UFC in May, when he submitted Anthony Johnson to win the vacant 205-pound world title. Now he will meet Sweden's Gustafsson, a former title challenger who nearly lifted the crown from Jon Jones in their 2013 classic.
3325 ::: Mittal v/s Mittal (2010) ::: Girls have dreams - dreams of a fairytale romance, of prince charming sweeping them off their feet, a dream wedding and living happily ever-after. Mitali, a successful model, also had dreams... Then one day she met Karan, the Mittal scion, the heir to one of the richest families in the country. Mitali 's simple, middle-class upbringing is in complete contrast to Karan's super-brat lifestyle. But Karan was smitten by Mitali. Accustomed to getting what he wants in life, Karan landed up at Mitali's home with his parents with a marriage proposal. Delighted at their daughter's luck, Mitali's family approved of the match. And Mitali entered Karan's home and life as his newly-wedded bride. It was not long before Mitali's dreams turned into her worst nightmare. Her mother-in-law detested her and created misunderstandings between Karan and her. Karan turned out to be a puppet in his mother's hands and her father-in-law is a helpless, mute spectator. Karan has a certain pattern of dealing with women and wanted to subdue Mitali's independent streak. He who appeared to be a loving husband was in fact a violent monster at night within the privacy of their bedroom.Unable to bear the humiliation and pain after she resisted his advances and is raped by him,Mitali decided to take charge of her life. She decided to fight back.Mitali walked out of her in-laws home, hired a lawyer and filed a case against her husband. Karan retaliated by hiring the best lawyer money can buy to fight on his behalf. Mittal Vs Mittal is about to he heard in court. It is a case on file that fights for the rights of women like Mitali who are subjugated to domestic violence and inhuman treatment at the hands of husband and in-laws. It is a case that will empower women to fight for their pride, respect and their very right to live with dignity. It is Mitali Mittal versus Karan Mittal...
3326 ::: Happy New Year (1956) ::: A "Sunday Spectacular" presentation, with ice ballet by Scott & Button, music from Peggy Lee with the Stan Kenton Orchestra, comedy by Alan King & George Gobel. Also on the bill is a cartoon short subject "On the Twelfth Day," a spoof of the Christmas carol in a Victorian setting.
3327 ::: Ded na si Lolo (2009) ::: A large family with lots of issues gather together to mourn the death of the family patriarch. But getting in the way of their genuine grief are a bunch of superstitions about the dead, and the family's inability to deal with their issues in a civilized way.
3328 ::: Hotel Beautifool (2017) ::: Hotel Beautiful is everything except what it claims to be. Once a pearl of Goa beach this Gallic structure, is now a joke of the Hospitality Industry. Here chaos is on the menu and confusion is a value added service. Obtuse Harry Singh owns the Hotel as a 90 percent shareholder and drunkard Pedro has a mere 10 percent stake. Harry desires to reinstate it to its days of glory. In this quixotic project, loyal, tomfool assistant Jaanu accompanies Harry. They are hours away from a Grand Award which may turn things around for the hotel, but standing in the path are over-demanding customers, an arch rival and a contract killer whose reputation is on the line. Akhileshwar Muthulingum slick like a whistle, on his honeymoon is a guest at Hotel Beautiful booked by Harry for room number 25. He has paid handsomely for top-notch hospitality and all he has received is hostility so far. If this is not enough, he has to meet the whims of his dominating wife Mili. Nawab Bilal another patron at the Hotel booked by Pedro for the same room, no 25, is one bloody hotheaded womanizer who is fleeing from his control freak wife Lubna and celebrating his birthday with his dancer girlfriend Sheryl. The mix up and confusion begins with the same room given to 2 couples and on the other hand there is the rival builder wanting to malign Harry further to keep him away from the grand award. Sharp shooter Romeo is hired by the rival to kill a customer in the hotel to drive them away from the hotel. Harry expects turncoat Beauty Contest Organizer Mrs. Jadia to help him achieve the award. Taking advantage of this, Mrs. Jadia and her assistant [slave] Toughy are at their evil best at exploiting Harry. The story leads its characters to bump into each other constantly adding pain to their enduring misery in a comical fashion. The story leads to adultery between the couples, a murderer on the chase and a beauty pageant in progress. It's a mad, fast paced situational comedy which ends with the final rounds of Mrs. Jadia's 'Miss Beach Beauty Contest in which a bomb is planted by Romeo. The climax witnesses major chaos and the suspense builds up as to whether Muthu, Nawab and Harry save the hotel and fetch the grand award.
3329 ::: Prizori (1961) ::: Nikolay, a World War II veteran, is appointed manager of a mine in a small town. Nikolay introduces a new method of operation in the mine. Kamarad's self-importance is injured. The willful Kamarad was the mine's supervisor. It is still unclear why the commander has shot his brother during the war. Geno, who witnesses the incident, works in the same town. He tells the ex-supervisor that it was Nikolay. Kamarad seeks for revenge. After a landslide in the mine, he joins the group of volunteers rescuers led by Nikolay. When they remain in private in the gallery, Kamarad does not hide his intentions any more. Nikolay tells him that he has been compelled to shoot his brother when the latter wanted to surrender and to drag along the rest of scared soldiers. The ceiling of the gallery falls in and buries Kamarad. Left on his own, Nikolay rescues the man who wanted to kill him.
3330 ::: Philadelphia (1993) ::: Andrew Beckett, a gay, HIV positive lawyer, is fired from his law firm in fear that they might contract HIV from him. After Andrew is fired, in a last attempt for peace, he sues his former law firm with the help of a homophobic lawyer, Joe Miller. During the court battle, Miller sees that Beckett is no different than anyone else on the gritty streets of the city of brotherly love, sheds his homophobia and helps Beckett with his case before AIDS overcomes him.
3331 ::: Aliyah: the Exodus from the Northern Lands (1999) ::: Desperate Jewish Ukrainians leave everything behind to start a new life in Israel. Poverty and anti-Semitism make life hard and prospects for their children are none. A long and strenuous bus ride takes them to Odessa Airport. In this vital part of their journey Christian volunteers are helping them. For the first time in history the Jews bear witness of a close co-operation between two world religions, who stood opposed for almost two centuries.
3332 ::: Sons of the Father (????) ::: Philip Vega, underworld boss, is master of all and subservient to no one. Strong, powerful and seemingly invincible. A man to be feared, whose large powerful hands that have cradled small children and caressed beautiful women, can also kill without compunction.When Vega falls in love with another man's wife - his empire and his life become the targets of vicious would-be usurpers.
3333 ::: Marie Curie: The Woman Behind the Mind (2002) ::: An inspiring portrait of Marie Curie, the first woman to receive the Nobel Prize, and one of very few people to win two Nobel Prizes. This documentary gives a glimpse into the personal life of Marie Curie - her loves, losses, passions, and the affair that almost cost her second Nobel Prize.
3334 ::: Objectivo Europa (2010) ::: The old dream of joining Europe led Portugal to trail into a path of democracy and individual liberties, dropping its African colonies and embracing capitalism. The southern Europe country became a member of the European Union in 1986. And, 25 years later, its capital gave name to the Treaty that provided the EU with much needed new muscle. This is a new perspective of building and embracing a new political identity on top of a classic problem of a nation in crisis.
3335 ::: Shark Attack Survivors (2006) ::: Learn the secrets of the most deadly and misunderstood marine predator in the world. Viewers will explore the mysteries behind why these creatures of the deep are attacking humans around the globe as well as the best ways to survive an attack.
3336 ::: Iraqi Odyssey (2014) ::: Tracing the emigrations of his family over more than half a century, this riveting 3D documentary epic from acclaimed expatriate Iraqi filmmaker Samir pays moving homage to the frustrated democratic dreams of a people successively plagued by the horrors of dictatorship, war, and foreign occupation. While there are no precise statistics, it is estimated that four to five million Iraqis live outside Iraq today. Award-winning filmmaker Samir was born in Baghdad and has lived in Switzerland since he was child, while the members of his extended family are scattered all over the world - Abu Dhabi, Auckland, Sydney, Los Angeles, Buffalo, London, Paris, Zurich, and Moscow - with only a handful remaining in Iraq. Recounting his family's stories of departures and uprootings, in Iraqi Odyssey Samir also chronicles how Iraqis' dreams of building a modern and just society after their nation achieved independence in the 1950s were brutally dashed over the course of half a century. Loosely organized in three acts, the film begins with Samir's grandfather and his role in the struggle against British colonialism. The second act traces the successive waves of emigration as his relatives sought safe havens around the globe to escape from the series of coups and counter-coups in the 1960s and 1970s that resulted in the establishment of Saddam Hussein's three-decade dictatorship over the country. Saddam's deposition by the 2003 US invasion, and the iconic image of his statue being toppled in Firdos Square, signals the film's final act, and the last tale of departure. Weaving together the ironic, wistful, and witty testimonies of Samir's relatives with rare documents from private and state archives, Ottoman film footage and 3D technology, Iraqi Odyssey is a riveting epic that creates a genuine people's history of Iraq, at once humble and majestic. Shedding a new light on a grossly misrepresented country, Iraqi Odyssey is the veteran director's most personal, ambitious, and accomplished feature to date.
3337 ::: Mouth of the Wolf (????) ::: Two brothers grow up trying to reach their baseball dreams but find themselves in the Mouth of the Wolf. Their father promised a life of prosperity, but leads his family into darkness. But through his faith, spiritual strength and the power of our heavenly father life finds a new purpose.
3338 ::: La bomba (1999) ::: Three young Italian actors move from Roma to NY to try to improve their careers. While attending the Actor's Studio they set up as a joke an extortion, acting like real mafiosi do. After the first extortion succeed they decide to continue on that way. But the NY mafia realize what is happening and...
3339 ::: Matrix IV (2010) ::: Matrix IV is a sequel to John Whitney's 1972 abstract film Matrix III, made from found footage of Atari music videos, combined with slowed down Atari 8-bit music; "The modernist avant-garde ideology was based on originality and authenticity. After WW2, May '68 and the development of postmodern philosophy this was no longer a tenable position to defend. However, particular forms and ideas remained entangled with certain authors who were critically attributed their invention. After Pollock, no more drip paintings, they cried. This begs the question: why has the avant-garde classically been afraid of revisiting its ideas?"
3340 ::: Carnal Confessions (2002) ::: A pretty television advice columnist receives anonymmous photos and other clues in a series of murderers of pretty young women. Her investigation is nicely supplemented with a generous offerting of erotic encounters among various characters.
3341 ::: Widdershins (2003) ::: Interviews in public capture more than just a discussion of SUV's. Optimistic in the human power of the bicycle and pertinent in this violent political climate, Widdershins reflects on the connections between the shape of our world and our vehicles.
3342 ::: "Dogtor" (2012) ::: He's the chief resident at Jerome Bettis Hospital, a brilliant surgeon and a real Casanova. The only problem? He's a dog -- but nobody knows it. Can Dr. DOGTOR keep his practice, his woman, and his perfect life? Or will his nemesis reveal his deepest secret, the secret that makes him an incredible doctor? Excuse me... An incredible DOGTOR.
3343 ::: Unseen Forces (1920) ::: As children, Clyde meets Miriam, and seem to fall in love, but when they get older, a misunderstanding prevents their marrying, and he instead takes Winifred, a social climber, resulting in a loveless union. Miriam has a mysterious second sight and can see the conniving Henry that is pursuing her, has deceived a woman terribly in the past, the woman being Winfred.
3344 ::: Your Friendly Local Butcher (2005) ::: 'Do you have anything... fresh?' A short, fun, horror flick honouring the great tradition of the spaghetti western stand-off, except between an unarmed customer and a tight-lipped butcher with the freshest meat in town. Art therapy at it's bluntest: the creators of this little doozie venting years of pent up rage in one brief, violent, spurt. At the same time the carnivorous director tricked by his close friend and colleague into making a piece of pro-vegetarian propaganda.
3345 ::: Elea (????) ::: Under miles of Antarctic ice, an international team of scientists discovers remnants of a highly advanced, lost civilization - and a perfect couple, the last survivors of their world, preserved in suspended animation inside a massive, golden capsule. The revival of the mysterious couple unveils an extraordinary love story spanning 900,000 years, and an epic struggle amongst powerful forces desperate to harness the couple's extraordinary capabilities.
3346 ::: Cheonha jeilgwon (1979) ::: Chun-sam, a young man who earns a meager living selling rice cakes, overhears gangsters plotting to kill the town magistrate. The possible victim does not believe the boy, so Chun-sam arranges to be on hand the night of the attempted murder to stop the would-be killers
3347 ::: Transformacja cz. 4: Zloto, mieso, konwergencja i wyscigi na lawetach (2016) ::: This film shows the period of 1970's and 1980's in the Soviet history. It shows the attitude of the West to the Soviet Union, and how it changed through years, through presidency of Carter (the best presidency in United States, as GRU claimed) and Reagan (who used to describe USSR as "The Empire of Evil"). It answers the question, why the Soviet Union supported the communist fractions in Africa and Latin America. Also, it tries to describe the "convergence theory", pursued by Andrey Sakharov. Finally, it shows the plan of another system transformation, developed in 1970's by KGB and the role of Mikhail Gorbachev in this plan.
3348 ::: Thank You Ladies and Gentlemen (2014) ::: Nigol Bezjian highlights the struggles and brave resilience of a group of Syrian refugees who have escaped to Lebanon. Leaving everything behind, the community faces daily challenges to make ends meet and find some sort of security. Bezjian's artistic vision allows for their stories to be told through song and poetry.
3349 ::: Waiting (1990) ::: The KLF, King Boy D and Rockman Rock, are waiting on the Scottish island of Jura for their equipment to arrive. They ponder the sights and sounds of the landscape around them: the surf, the wind, birdsong, farm animals, fields, gardens, and moors. They savour the qualities of waiting. When their equipment arrives, they record these sounds and re-broadcast them to world, along with their own music.
3350 ::: Jia Jia (1969) ::: After the death of both her parents, an adolescent girl is sent away to be under the care of her cantankerous grandfather, the terror of his village. Through young orphan's innocence and infectious charm, little Chia Chia adjusts to her new surroundings with a positive attitude affecting everyone she meets including the irascible family patriarch whose world of ingrained adult cynicism and folly is about to be transformed to one of optimism and hope.
3351 ::: "Robert Kennedy and His Times" (1985) ::: A personal portrait of one of the most controversial men of this century and the turbulent times in which he lived. An entire era, including the fight for civil rights, the Cuban Missile Crisis, the American entry into Vietnam, and the eventual protest against it, was shaped by Bobby Kennedy.
3352 ::: QIK2JDG (2002) ::: Based on the popular novel, "Runaway Model" by Neil Hampton. After losing her contract with Ford Models, a strung-out supermodel (Hilton) goes to a club to drown her sorrows but when her arch rival comes to pick on her, she starts a fight and ends up with her arch rival with a broken nose and sues the strung-out supermodel. A tale full of love, destiny and hope.
3353 ::: Not Fashion Alone: Contemporary Fashion from Central Europe (2012) ::: Contemporary Fashion from Central Europe took place on 19 November 2011 at Wilanow Palace Museum in Warsaw, Poland. The most interesting young fashion designers from 5 participating PCCE countries presented their newest collections: from Austria - Ali Zedtwitz, Valerie Lange / DIPTYCH, from Czech Republic - Denisa Nova, Hungary - Adel Kovacs / KEPPSHOWROOM, from Poland - Agnieszka Maciejak, from Slovakia - Fero Miklosko / MIKLOSKO FASHION DESIGN. The show was accompanied by excellent concerts of: a jazz trio - Brein's Caffe - one of the most known in the world Austrian jazz bands, a Polish mezzo-soprano - Izabela Kopec who performed with the DJ band "Boya Chile" new interpretations of known arias from her project "House Opera Diva" and the composer and pianist Chris Rafael who played his own compositions.
3354 ::: Borderline (1930) ::: Adah, a black woman, has an affair with Thorne, a white man, much to the dismay of some of the prejudiced townsfolk and Thorne's wife, Astrid. Adah attempts a reconciliation with her man, Pete, but eventually leaves him and the town. Meanwhile, Astrid goes mad and cuts Thorne's face and arm with a knife, but then mysteriously dies. Thorne is tried but acquitted. Because of the events, the mayor sends Pete a letter asking him to leave town for the good of all concerned.
3355 ::: "PillA" (2017) ::: The story is about how a psycho Doctor ruins the life of a girl who goes on with her career and how he makes use of this girl for his tasks to accomplish.The story rotates on how the girl discovers she missed remembering a night in her life.
3356 ::: Tom's Wife (2004) ::: Using a then proto-type lens that would later revolutionize digital video's ability to have a true filmic quality, Tom's Wife was a monumental achievement in micro-budget cinema. An authentically period drama shot on practical sets in Elgin, Texas, using meticulously selected antique props and costumes, carefully researched colloquial dialogue, and a cast of talented unknowns, Tom's Wife was called "a sincere and austere feature that vividly convey period flavor," by Variety Magazine. The filmmakers diligently crafted a quiet and honest Depression era story of a young woman trapped in an abusive marriage who finds grace in the friendship of her neighbor, and hope in the love of a traveling salesman. Garnering awards at festivals all over the world, Tom's Wife offers a glimpse into the scope of truly independent cinema and will be a joy to watch for anyone looking for a story with heart and dignity. Annie, an orphan, finds herself in a marriage of necessity. When she bears the child of a man she doesn't love, she feels trapped until a stranger enters her life. She gets her first taste of respect, love and tenderness which makes her situation even more difficult to deal with.
3357 ::: "The A Force" (1996) ::: Late Night Black Entertainment slot on BBC 2 which ran for 3 series in 1996-1997, containing various shows all under the umbrella title The A Force. Programmes within the slot included the topical panel show Blouse And Skirt, hosted by broadcaster Tony Morris, with regular panellists Curtis Walker and Gina Yashere, and featuring such performers as Craig Charles, Angie Le Mar and Junior Simpson throughout the 3 series run, eventually gaining a spin off series in 2000. A dating show Get It On was hosted by radio personality Angie Greaves and comedian Geoff Schumann, and the soap opera Brothers And Sisters, starring David Harewood, Nina Baden Semper and Sandra Bee was so popular that it too earned a spin off series. Felix Dexter provided the links during the 1996 series, in the form of various character monologues. For Series 2 and 3 Marcus Powell (in the comic guise of "Roy Diamond") hosted a chat show segment, featuring guests such as Frank Bruno, Bernie Grant, Desiree and Ainsley Harriott.
3358 ::: From RISK to ACTION: Women and HIV/AIDS in Ethiopia (2004) ::: From RISK to ACTION: Women and HIV/AIDS in Ethiopia documents efforts by those who recognize that gender bias, poverty, lack of access to education, and violence make women vulnerable to HIV. The courageous work of women leaders to improve the status of women and secure their human rights is explored.
3359 ::: Siddhant (2014) ::: If you cannot nurture honesty in your own home, you have no moral or ethical right to preach such values to society. Appa Thosar, a renowned mathematics teacher in the Konkan embodied this principle all his life. He is extremely fond of his grandson Vakratund who is a topper in Maths. Coincidentally, Appa comes across a nerve-shattering truth Vakratund has been successful through unfair means. Siddhant a sensitive story about moral courage and emotional turmoil.
3360 ::: Visions of 'The Happening' (2008) ::: This making-of features additional background on the original ideas for the film. Shyamalan discusses his initial inspiration to make the ultimate B-movie, but one that morphed into something deeper. The cast and crew discuss the character motivations, the mood of the film, shooting in and around Philadelphia, and more.
3361 ::: Gay for Pray: The Erotic Adventures of Jesus Christ (2017) ::: Jesus is kicked out of Heaven for being a homosexual, stripped of his powers and cast down to Earth as punishment. He suffers a mental breakdown and creates an alter ego as a wizard. After an altercation, an Atheist jerk, a poor guy down on his luck, and a woman with a strange religious fetish discover his true identity. They ultimately decide to try and help Jesus get his powers back, but not without catching the attention of some maniacal protesters in town.
3362 ::: The Art of Dying; the Act of Living (????) ::: A visit to the doctor reveals a grim prognosis. This causes Obie-award-winning playwright Arthur Cain to withdraw from life, languish in his home and avoid his sister Isabel. To add insult to injury, writer's block sets in in a fit of anger, Arthur destroys his typewriter, and impulsively drives to Atlantic City, where he checks into a decrepit motel for some soul searching.
3363 ::: Grown Ups (2010/I) ::: In 1978, five 12-year-olds win a CYO basketball championship. Thirty years later, they gather with their families for their coach's funeral and a weekend at a house on a lake where they used to party. By now, each is a grownup with problems and challenges: Marcus is alone and drinks too much. Rob, with three daughters he rarely sees, is always deeply in love until he turns on his next ex-wife. Eric is overweight and out of work. Kurt is a househusband, henpecked by wife and mother-in-law. Lenny is a successful Hollywood agent married to a fashion designer; their kids take privilege for granted. Can the outdoors help these grownups rediscover connections or is this chaos in the making? Thirty long years after their junior high school basketball championship, five friends for life assemble once more in their hometown, in 2008, for the funeral of their beloved coach Bobby "The Buzzer". With the intention to spend the 4th of July weekend with their families and catch up with the old friends, the team of Lenny, the successful talent agent, Eric, the furniture company co-owner, Kurt, the stay-at-home-dad, Rob, the man with a history of divorces and Marcus the womaniser, decide to rent an isolated lake house and continue where they left off. Can they prove that they still remain the restless teenagers they used to be or will they finally embrace maturity and teach their offspring how long-term friendships are build up?
3364 ::: Ten Billion (2015) ::: Ten Billion is a film about us. It's a film about you, your children, your parents, your friends. It's about every one of us. It's about our failure: failure as individuals, the failure of business, and the failure of our politicians. It is about an unprecedented planetary emergency. It's about the future of us.
3365 ::: Nymalt (2004) ::: A light-skinned boy draws himself and his friend playing football. The kindergarten attendant points out that he should colour his dark-skinned friend differently. Since said friend is fingerpainting messily, the boy looks at him and suddenly understands, colouring green splotches of paint in the cartoon face.
3366 ::: Etcetera (2008) ::: Marcello is an artist who's life has received troubling events . What he doesn't know is every event that happens in his life is being caused by his creator. His creator is a film maker and Marcello is part of his movie. This is a film of parallel worlds that has no end.
3367 ::: O Thanasis kai to katarameno fidi (1982) ::: Thanasis, a kind-hearted man is lives with his wife Froso and his mother in law in Athens. He is desperately trying to have a baby, while suffering hell on earth due to his mother in law, his boss and the difficult society of Greece in 1980s.
3368 ::: Ptown Diaries (2009) ::: Chronicling the amazing history of Provincetown a small Ma. town where the pilgrims first landed to the present day Gay Mecca. Ptown diaries weaves the story of the New England Yankees, Portuguese fisherman, bohemian artists into a single mesmerizing history. Provincetown was the first artists colony in the united states. The true beginnings of American drama took place here with the arrival of Eugene O "Neil, followed by the groundbreaking work of Tennessee Williams. Ptown diaries embraces the: the eccentric, the rich heritage, and the magnificent landscape known as "Lands End " PTOWN DIARIES is a documentary that chronicles the amazing history of a small Massachusetts town and its evolution from the Pilgrims' puritanical origin to the beginning of a community of unparalleled cultural and personal freedom. It delves seamlessly into the town's progression as the first artists' colony in the U.S. - from the arrival of Eugene O'Neil to the groundbreaking work of Tennessee Williams. Embracing Provincetown's eccentric and rich heritage, PTOWN DIARIES deftly weaves the stories of New England Yankees, Portuguese fisherman, bohemian artists and many others into a single, mesmerizing history of the magnificent landscape known as "Land's End." Narrated by Alan Cumming, the film features on-camera interviews with Pulitzer Prize-winning authors Norman Mailer and Michael Cunningham (The Hours) as well as numerous colorful personalities who weave the unique fabric of the freest place on the northeastern seaboard.
3369 ::: Ultrachrist! (2003) ::: Jesus returns to Earth in present-day NYC, sent by his Father to usher in 2000 years of Godly peace. Unfortunately, modern young people respond poorly to this bearded weirdo. Taking the advice of a market research guru, Jesus has a Spandex costume made and declares himself "Ultrachrist", an urban sin-fighter. Unfortunately, his Father doesn't approve of these unorthodox techniques, while the Antichrist (the NYC Parks Commissioner) ressurects an army of famous sinners to make sure Ultrachrist's mission fails.
3370 ::: "MSN Music in Concert" (2006) ::: Noel Gallagher and Gem Archer of British rock band Oasis are joined by percussionist Terry Kirkbride to perform an intimate live acoustic set at Le Cabaret Sauvage in Paris, France as part of the promotional campaign for their 2006 compilation album, "Stop the Clocks".
3371 ::: Journey of a Story (2012) ::: Journey of a Story follows the life of William Brown, a fictional New Zealand serviceman both physically and emotionally damaged by his tour of duty in Europe and time as a Prisoner of War during World War II. Returning home, William finds a very different world to the one he left behind. Forced to leave the home he planned to enjoy with his wife Lily and young son James, William struggles to cope until an observant War Pension medical officer convinces William to take up writing. Fueled with a new passion for life, William finally finds a road to success, in ways he could not possibly imagine. The story is told to from the elderly William's point of view, as he relays his story to a young theatre director attempting to bring William's life to the stage.
3372 ::: Bunny Suits (2009) ::: Gene stumbles home visibly distraught, inebriated and unhinged by the absence of his wife, Sophie, who has yet to return from a party. In his fragile and manic state Gene calls his friend and mentor, Don, for advice. Still glistening with sweat from a late night rendezvous, Don gets an earful from Gene, whose compulsive behavior finds him mouthing off about everything from his wife's affairs, to his run in the military and his failures as a litigator. As tension and anxiety soon replace the playful clamor of two friends, a haunting truth is revealed just before the curtain drops with a bang.
3373 ::: Introworld (????) ::: Androi a young five years old boy who it's a descendant of an old King it's the only salvation to The Junco Planet. Two knights of the Planet are sent to convince him to help them to join all the system planets inside a water molecule to fight against the oppression of "The Autocracy". He succeeds with his unique powers.
3374 ::: Gadjo (2014) ::: From the French aristocracy, supporting the liberal right-wing party and fluent in the Gypsy language, Manush, Louis de Gouyon Matignon is a walking contradiction. At 21, he dreams of promoting the culture of the Manush people, evangelizing the world and being accepted into a law masters. From the fairground to the senate, Manush camps to his beautiful apartment in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, Louis is afraid of nothing... except maybe of falling in love, which for him would be a first.
3375 ::: Outlaws of Pine Ridge (1942) ::: John Hollister may become Governor and Cardeen is out to stop him. Knowing of Hollister's honesty he goes after his son Lane instead. When a man tries to kill Cardeen, Lane shoots the attacker in the back. Now wanted for murder he tells his story to Chips. But when Chips investigates, he finds the murdered man was shot in the stomach and nearby is a gun loaded with blanks.
3376 ::: Magic Bullet (2004) ::: Nobel Prize-winning scientist 'Nurse, Sir Paul' presents in this documentary what could be the future in the war against cancer. Starting with the advances in chemo-therapy that helps large numbers of children overcome their cancers. Finishing with the first human trials of new experimental cancer drugs that specifically target cancer cells leading many scientists to believe that they could be on the verge of treating a great many varieties of cancer in this new way.
3377 ::: Allemagne 90 neuf zéro (1991) ::: Characterized by deconstructivism and philosophical references and by briefly exposing the good, bad, and ugly periods of the country's history, this post-modern film portrays the abstract need for guidance of Germany following the fall of the Berlin Wall.
3378 ::: Dream Home (2006) ::: A young pair of migrant workers find that the home that they have fallen in love with harbors a dark secret malevolent evil. When the Cromiers stumble across a beautiful antebellum home situated in the deep recesses of Louisiana, their excitement of finding such a perfect home to raise a family leaves them filled with joy. That joy soon turns to an increasingly ominous sense of dread, however, when a series of deeply disturbing and decidedly supernatural events lead the pair to realize they aren't the only ones who want to claim the picturesque home as their own
3379 ::: Basketball Girlfriend (2014) ::: Tyron is one of the top college basketball stars in the country, but when his brother is released from prison he begins to feel the pressure of going back to hustling drugs on the street. Tyron's coach hopes to set his talented player straight by introducing him to Carmen. Carmen is a beautiful tutor, who in a tragic twist of fate turns out to be the sister of a rival drug lord.
3380 ::: Postcards from Ukraine (2016) ::: Postcards from Ukraine is a documentary dealing with the crisis in Ukraine. After traveling all over Ukraine, Sieva, the director, chose to focus on 5 young characters whose lives have been deeply affected by the events happening in Ukraine. Each of the five characters come from various cities and social background's giving the viewer a sense of how individually these people react to the very important decisions they are faced with. The documentary reports events, such as the referendum for the independence of Donbass region and the national presidential elections, which where all factors that lead to the turmoil in Ukraine. And then there is the influence of mass propaganda that completes the context in which the five characters move. From the suburbs of Donetsk, to the separatists camps in Lugansk, to the block posts in Mariupol and Crimea, from the rich estates of the oligarchs in Kharkhiv to the still occupied Maidan Square in Kiev, Postcards from Ukraine aims to represent a cross-section of the new generation of Ukraine; their values, their dreams and the role they play in this big crisis written by the elites... From the suburbs of Donetsk, to the separatists camps in Lugansk, to the block posts in Mariupol and Crimea, from the rich estates of the oligarchs in Kharkhiv to the still occupied Maidan Square in Kiev, Postcards from Ukraine aims to represent a cross-section of the new generation of Ukraine; their values, their dreams and the role they play in the biggest crisis between East and West since the fall of the Berlin's Wall.
3381 ::: Schottentor (2009) ::: Very intense and detailed painting of the inner lives of six people, who may or may not have connections to each other. The lives, dreams and hopes of each of the six persons intersect on the cross-roads of our day: a subway station for public transport.
3382 ::: A Hora do Medo (1986) ::: In Săo Paulo, Alberto is an insane and sadistic man that kills women, and lives with his mother that covers all his mess. When he kills his mother's employee Eliana, stabbing her in the bathtub, they bury her in the backyard of their house. Eliana's fiancé unsuccessfully seeks her out and when Alberto's mother advertises that she needs a driver, he applies for the job to sneak around the real estate trying to find Eliana.
3383 ::: Baskin (2012) ::: Biography of Eino Baskin, an actor, director and a comedian who has brought the audience laughter and tears. A look in to the private life of a man that has been coveted by other men and desired by women. In his lifetime he has been adored, hated, loved and persecuted. Baskin has buried his wife and daughter. Soviet authorities have imprisoned him twice and his been through a heart attack. He has created two thriving theaters from scratch. Much more in this biography about a man that has been an inspiration to a lot of people. Baskin died 11.03.2015, leaving behind two children, and a legacy with a number of awards, including presidential honors.
3384 ::: Seulliping byuti (2008) ::: Do-yeon, a 6th grade primary school student goes to the funeral of her grandmother with mother during semester vacation and meets with her cousin, Sang-jun. While all adults are dealing with funeral preparations, she spends most of her time with Sang-jun. On the last day of the funeral they enter a vacant class near the funeral and experience their first sexual experience there.
3385 ::: "Elmo's World" (1998) ::: Elmo is visited by a Muppet drum band, Baby Bear uses an oatmeal container to make a hand drum, Mr. Noodle discovers how to play a conga drum, kids show how to play conga drums. You don't play a drum with a chicken drum stick, but Snuffleupaguses use their snuffle! After a program on The Drum Channel, Elmo talks directly to some bongo drums.
3386 ::: The Mental State (2018) ::: High school senior Andy Cady puts his future on hold when his deceased father, Dylan, reveals he's still alive and that their small town is harboring a dark secret. While Andy attempts to uncover the truth, his skeptical mother Angela seeks mental health care for her son's newfound erratic behavior.
3387 ::: "Malal" (2009) ::: Danish(Faisal Rehman) and Zinia(Deepti Gupta) two friends who loves each other but unexpectedly Danish get married with Mahi(Sarwat Gilani) with force of his mother. Then Zinia get attractive with Jawad(Imran Abbas) (Mahi's Cousin) who is younger than her, then Jawad falls in love with Zinia. Danish and Jawad's family members opposes Jawad to marry Zinia. at last Zinia accepts to marry Jawad and Danish falls in love with Mahi and Jawad's parents accepts Zinia
3388 ::: La Noche del Chihuahua (2012) ::: The Night of the Chihuahua is a freaky comedy, that refers to comic, surrealism and terror. In his newly rented apartment, Juan, a comic book fan, waits a sexy gothic girl to spend the night. But just before she gets there, a friend of Juan shows up asking for shelter for an unusual reason: he is afraid to become a werewolf. When the full moon rises, Juan sees with horror and dismay how his friend becomes a ridiculous dogman. What could have been an ordinary night, ends up full of werewolves, deals with the devil, vampires, exorcists and ex girlfriends.
3389 ::: Swiatlo (2011) ::: After her mother had died in her childhood, she promised that she'd never die herself. And she then turned into a vampire. For a long time she lived alone, until one day her path was crossed by that of another female vampire. She fell in love and from then on they were together. Until one day when their life was poisoned by obsession.
3390 ::: Aai Tuza Ashirwad (2004) ::: Suraj is raised with great love and care by his mother Urmilla and grandfather Raosaheb. While Urmilla adores Suraj, Raosaheb is particularly proud of his intelligence as well as sporting skills. However, they both dislike Suraj's habit of lying. Every time he lies, Urmilla avoids all communication with Suraj as punishment. Unable to tolerate his mother's silence, Suraj vows never to lie again. Nevertheless, things take a dramatic turn when Suraj is forced to break his promise and instead of punishment, he incurs Urmilla's blessings. What is this lie that he is forced to utter?
3391 ::: Beyond Belief: Honeymoon at Burning Man (2009) ::: Princess Mati took her new husband, Mark, and a camera crew to Burning Man, an annual art festival in the high desert of Nevada attended by thousands. The idea was to capture the enlightening experience of radical self-expression and share it with the world, but they never returned. The unlabeled footage was eventually found and the story of what happened was pieced together, but any information about their current whereabouts would still be greatly appreciated.
3392 ::: Me'ever Laharim Vehagvaot (2016) ::: David is discharged from the army after serving 27 years. He finally returns to his family and tries to find himself in his new civilian life. When a friend suggests working for a company that markets dietary supplements, David sees it as an opportunity to get his foot in the door of the business world and make something out of himself. But this decision slowly gets him and his family entangled in the web of dark forces that rule life in Israel.
3393 ::: My Funny Valentine (2012) ::: When love continues to elude a newly single, young writer, he turns to what he does best and writes the girl of his dreams into his life. Zander is struggling to find both love and himself but everything changes when he meets Zoe. Launching his master plan he employs Zoe to work with him on a new script but gets caught between the "real" world and the "reel" world. My Funny Valentine is a modern-day take on love and friendship and the blurred lines in between.
3394 ::: "Die Bertinis" (1988) ::: Critically acclaimed five-part mini series based upon the family story of novelist Ralph Giordano. In 1897, Italian immigrant Giacomo Bertini and his Swedish wife Emma decide to stay in Hamburg, while Rudolph Lehmberg marries the young Jewish girl Recha Seelmann. Twenty years later, the Bertinis' son Alf, an upcoming pianist, gets to know Lea, the Lehmbergs' daughter. Although Lea is a talented musician herself, she decides to marry Alf and support his career. At the beginning of the 1930s, the couple realizes that Alf's dreams of becoming a music star were illusions. Lea tries to earn money to feed her three sons Roman, Cesar and Ludwig. The Nazi takeover in 1933 changes everything because Lea and Alf's relationship is now considered as "intermarriage". The have to fight against discrimnation and hate of the new "aryan" society. The family finally fears deportation to a concentration camp and hides in a cellar on inhuman conditions...
3395 ::: "Culinary Genius" (2017) ::: Cookery competition which is hosted by Fern Britton, where nine participants battle it out daily for a Ł1,000 cash prize, with a different chef each week. In the first week, Gordon Ramsay sets the contenders with their tasks, demonstrating how two of them should be done. In second week Rosemary Shrager takes over the kitchen, in third week - Phil Vickery and in the fourth week Jean-Christophe Novelli.
3396 ::: Nu-guna je myeonge jukkoshipda (2012) ::: Borthers, Seok-ho and Jin-ho are a study in contrasts. Growing up parent-less, the two are close, but Jin-ho barely got out of college and lives off the more responsible Seok-ho's hard work. Finding that Jin-ho has taken some money and frittered it away yet again, Seok-ho demands repayment immediately. Jin-ho trudges off to Angel Bar to recoup the money he wasted there, and runs afoul of the wrong man. The tragic confrontation leaves Seok-ho to come to grips with truly being alone.
3397 ::: Running Scared (1972) ::: An undergraduate, "Casey" Case, commits suicide in his college rooms, watched by his best friend Tom, who respects his right to end his life and does nothing to stop him. Soon afterwards, Tom receives an angry letter from Casey's sister, Ellen, whom he has never met, enclosing a bullet with which, she sarcastically suggests, he too can kill himself. Sent down from university, Tom becomes intrigued by the Case family and, posing under a false name, makes their acquaintance. To his own surprise, he finds himself falling in love with Ellen; but does she know who he really is?
3398 ::: Romaine par moins 30 (2009) ::: Romaine, a tall thirty-year-old woman, has not found herself yet. She has been living for several years with her boyfriend Justin. When, overnight,the latter drags her after him to Canada in order to start a new life, she blows smoke. Not only does she hate surprises but she is scared to death of taking the plane. Once in Montréal Airport, she dumps Justin after confessing to him things he would rather not have heard. Her Far North adventures can start...
3399 ::: Waiting for Tomorrow (2007) ::: Behind the glitz and glamor of Hollywood, lies an underworld of sex and drugs, where young people looking for money and fame easily fall victim to life on the streets of Los Angeles. Waiting For Tomorrow, takes a glimpse into this dark world as it follows a young couple living on the streets of Hollywood who are desperate for a way out. During what is to be the couple's last 24 hours in Los Angeles, we find seventeen-year-old Lori staying at a shelter for runaway teens while her twenty-one-year old boyfriend PJ wakes up on the shores of Venice beach. Once they meet for breakfast, PJ confirms with Lori his plan to sell marijuana to come up with the money for their trip north. But after departing to make the deal he instead chooses to visit old acquaintances from his days of street walking to deal with something more profitable - heroin. Meanwhile, Lori ties loose ends with her caretakers at the shelter. Afraid that they will stop her from leaving, she runs back and forth between the shelter and getting high with friends to avoid her exit interview. Friends turn to sexual predators and as a result, she's sexually assaulted. If that was not enough, her choice to ignore her caretakers is hampering her chances of ever return to the shelter. In the end, life's harsh reality is destined to catch up with both of them. Moral choices become the fault line in an endless day. But as time runs out, one can't help feel the necessity of Lori and PJ being together. It is the only thing that they can look forward to in contrast to dying on the streets. To Lori, PJ is proof that love exists. For PJ, Lori is purpose. It is something that he has never found. In his mind, purpose is the reason why they will always be together. By next morning, the couple has to face reality and decide whether being together is all that matters.
3400 ::: Tombé du ciel (1946) ::: Gaby, the singer of the "Raymond's Jazz" band, leads Maurice, one of the musicians, to believe that, following a night he spent with her in the hay, he is the father of her child. In fact, the baby is neither his nor hers. He is the son of Madeleine, a young war widow who has entrusted him to her friend Gaby until she is allotted a flat. One day, Maurice happens to meet Madeleine and falls in love with her but he does not dare to confess his "paternity" to her. Fortunately the misunderstanding is clarified and Maurice can at the same time marry Madeleine and adopt her kid.
3401 ::: Clickers and Chickers: Pretty in Punk (2013) ::: Clickers and Chickers is a Fashion show that is designed to connect the fashion industry individuals, and talent together. CLICKERS means PHOTOGRAPHERS, CHICKERS means FEMALE MODELS. We always welcome new Photographers and Models. To be labeled as a "CLICKER" you have to prove to us that you are indeed capable of providing acceptable Photographs. You must also complete 3 Rounds with the show. After 3 Rounds you'll no longer be the newbie photographer and you'll earn your official "rewards", and seniority priviliges. To become a "CHICKER" you have to complete a PRE-PHOTO SHOOT with our agency at no charge, and 3 Rounds with no problems. Why do we do a pre-photoshoot? We want to see how well you work with the camera. This helps us pair you up with the proper Photographers the day of the shoot. We also want to see your attitude. Can you arrive on time. How prepared you are etc... If you mess up the pre-shoot, we certainly do not want you on the MAIN SET messing up the show routine. Once you have finished your pre- shoot, and participated in 3 Rounds, you will no longer be the newbie model, and you'll get your official "rewards", and seniority privileges. Each show consists of: New location, New Theme, New Models, New Photographers. New Makeup Artists, and Videographers. Each Model will work with each Photographer for 20-30 minutes before going to break, then reporting to the next Photographer. This gives both the Model & the Photographer a huge portfolio boost. At the end of each round, the Photographers have hundreds of shots of 10 different Models, and the Models get 10 different looks, with 10 different Photographers. Everyone also obtains the video to use for their reels and online marketing of themselves. It's a win, win situation for everyone involved. In 4-5 hours, that's a portfolio boost that some Models & Photographers take months, perhaps over a year to obtain.
3402 ::: "American Harvest" (2015) ::: In Season 2, 'American Harvest: Next Generation,' the series follows a group of young farmers as they face down the challenges of keeping their farms and careers alive and thriving. While the younger generation of farmers understands the possibilities, their experience is still catching up. They must find a way into an agricultural world that is far different than the one in which their parents grew up.
3403 ::: The Homecoming (1996) ::: Jordy Rembrandt is a big-city tough guy with an attitude and a history of bad decisions. When he's sent to a small-town high school to complete his senior year, he discovers "fitting in" takes on a whole new meaning. Like any of us faced with peer pressure requiring choices, Jordy yearns for acceptance . . . in spite of his rough exterior. He tries the ususal ways to get it - he plays football, goes to parties, dates a cheerleader. But it isn't until he's faced with the love of Christ that he begins to understand the meaning of true acceptance.
3404 ::: Rupan sansei: Chateau de Cagliostro Saikai (1997) ::: You play as a tourist in the country of Cagliostro. You walk around and search for and gather information and Lupin's exploits in Cagliostro. You see all the usual sites except for the castle itself. The only way to enter it is with a map with stamp boxes on it. To earn more stamps you must solve puzzles and questions from the movie this game is spin-off from. If you know Cagliostro as well as Lupin does, then you will be able to meet Lady Clarisse herself.
3405 ::: Survival of the Film Freaks (2017) ::: "Survival of the Film Freaks is a documentary exploring the phenomenon of cult film in America and how it survives in the 21st Century. Through interviews and fan events, the documentary will trace decades of film fanaticism up to the present, where the 'digital age' has transformed the way we experience movies."
3406 ::: The Last Motel (1981) ::: A husband and wife... A pair of petty criminals... A young man... And a perverse serial killer... Strangers with seemingly little in common with one another, are inextricably linked through a series of macabre events. In one explosive night, these people's lives will change forever. Their stories are all different, but their plans are all the same: Stay the night at the Lodgepole Pine Motel and leave the next morning. The only problem is that one night at the Lodgepole Pine Motel can be a lifetime.
3407 ::: "Big Ass Agency" (2012) ::: Big Ass Agency (B.A.A.) is a comedic series about the day to day duties of an extremely dysfunctional Hollywood talent agency. From the delusional senior agent all the way down to the overly nervous interns this agency should have been shut down years ago. With that said B.A.A. still stands strong as one of the top talent agencies in Hollywood.
3408 ::: Mario Frangoulis Live with the Boston Pops (2012) ::: Internationally acclaimed classical crossover artist Mario Frangoulis joins with the Boston Pops, known as "America's Orchestra," conducted by Keith Lockhart to provide Public Television viewers with a world-class musical experience. He is joined on stage by Public Television favorite and "Celtic Woman" phenomenon, Hayley Westenra; popular Greek artist Alkistis Protopsalti sings "Rojo Violento" in duet with Mario; and French-Greek singing sensation George Perris adds his magical voice. Special guest pianist/composer Stephan Moccio, who wrote the title track of Frangoulis' album "Beautiful Things," joins Mario and friends on stage for an unforgettable evening, underwritten by prestigious The Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans.
3409 ::: Bra Wars (2000) ::: It may be small piece of fabric to some, but the progress of femininity has no better gauge than the evolution of bra design throughout the last 90 years. An insightful look at the glamorous and energetic 21st century bra industry, this film also traces the lineage of the bra and its design from an early incarnation around 1908. A far cry from the weight of Victorian iron and whale boned corsets - the first flimsy bras gradually evolved through the decades, and somehow managed to reflect the changing social and feminine attitudes of the day. Today, bra design is a multi-billion dollar industry, and entry into the market has significant risk attached. Most companies now hire the services of a Supermodel to help get their message across to the consumer. We discover how niche players can compete with the global giants of Gossard and Playtex. Also, with Rigby & Peller (suppliers to Her Majesty The Queen) we discover just how to achieve that elusive "perfect fit".
3410 ::: Suorani Duorani (2001) ::: The king of Kanchangarh did not like his son's activities. The prince's best friend was a poor Muslim, Rahim. One day the king punished Rahim without any reason. The prince protested against his father and a clash started between the King and prince. One day the King went for hunting. There he met a beautiful girl. He married her and took her to the palace. The king did not know that the girl was a demons. One night the prince saw the Chato Rani kill a horse and eat it. The Prince and Baro Rani reported this to the king. The king did not believe this and drove his wife and son out of the palace. Incidentally a Sage advised the prince on how he could kill the demons. The prince found Nagmoni and came to Roopnagar with the help of Nagmoni. He was saved from all dangers with the help of Nagmoni. At Roopnagar he met Roopmati, the princess. They fell in love with each other. The princess was poisoned by the chief demons. The prince killed the ' Pran Vomra ' of the demons with the help of Roopkumari. At last he killed demons Rani and proved to the King that he was right. the prince married Roopkumari and Rahim married his girl friend. He was then crowned the king of Kanchangarh.
3411 ::: Swami (1977) ::: Shortly after Saudamani's birth, her dad passes away, leaving her in the care of her widowed mom, who re-locates to live with her elder brother in a small town. It is here that Saudamini grows up, goes to school, and attends arts college. She is in love with her neighbor, Narendra, and hopes to marry him soon. But her mom and uncle have chosen Ghanshyam, a matriculate, who lives in another town. Her uncle passes away, and shortly thereafter Saudamini gets married & re-locates to Ghanshyam's house, who lives with his step-mother; step-brother, Nikhil, and his wife, Shobha; and an unmarried step-sister, Charusheela. Saudamani detests Ghanshyam at first, but feels sorry for him after she witnesses that while he does all the work, he is ignored by the rest of the family and the servants. She changes all that and slowly starts to admire, respect, and fall in love with him, and Ghanshyam also reciprocates. Everything changes when Narendra comes to visit with a hope of reviving his romance with Saudamani. Watch what happens when Ghanshyam's mom sees Narendra and Saudamani holding hands in broad daylight in everyone's presence.
3412 ::: The Marksman (1953) ::: Mike Martin becomes a deputy United States marshal in early-day Texas because of his almost unbelievable marksmanship. (That he has a rifle with a special scope doesn't hurt anything.) He hates the thought that he has been hired as a killer instead of a lawman but his superior, Marshal Bob Scott, sets him straight. For years a master gang of rustlers has raided government grazing lands and Lieutenant-Governor Watson orders Scott to get them. Scott, disguised as a prospector, is killed when he spots the outlaws deep in the Sangre de Christo range. Head of the rustlers is rancher Champ Wylie and his gang includes his foreman Santee and a crack gunman, Kincaid. Visiting Wylie is his novelist niece Jane Warren. When Scott is not heard from, Mike, also posing as a prospector, goes to find him, and meets Jane. He eventually solves the rustling mystery, but is recognized as a lawman. In a gun battle in the hills, Mike kills Wylie and his men, and ends up with Jane in his arms.
3413 ::: Impedimento (2008) ::: José Carlos Paixăo, a butcher living in the Brazilian countryside, is at a crossroads in his life. Grief will do strange things, and he's been living out his own adolescent fantasy of playing professional soccer through his younger boy. Enter Lourdes Cintra, the town's new teacher, who might very well give him a second chance at love. Offside is about dreaming: daydreams with which we set our goals, and the nightmares that paralyze us. Circumstance, indeed, can impede us. If we're not careful, the clock can run out. But as in soccer, there's always a chance that we'll be released just in time with the goal ours for the taking.
3414 ::: Desdemona: A Love Story (2009) ::: Gil Garcia is at the end of his life. Wounded and bleeding in a church confessional, he tells an unsuspecting Father Wade his tragic story. At a young age, Gil's father takes him to America in search of a better life, forcing him to leave the girl he loves in Mexico. Orphaned shortly after arriving, Gil is taken in by his father's only friend, Dustin, who raises Gil along with his own son, Rod. Fifteen years later, Gil & Rod have yet to find their way in life, still living at home and playing basketball on the streets for money. When cancer overtakes Dustin, they are faced with a funeral bill they cannot afford. Desperately searching for a solution, Rod suggests kidnapping for ransom. Gil knows of the perfect person: a woman married to a wealthy man who would never risk the life of his loved one for the relatively small amount of money in question. But Rod doesn't know the whole truth - the woman is Desdemona, Gil's childhood love from Mexico. The misguided brothers proceed hastily with their ill-fated plan as love, betrayal and racism collide to produce unpredictable and tragic results.
3415 ::: "Color World with Gary Spetz" (2012) ::: Veteran public television host/artist, Gary Spetz, continues in the travel genre with a new 13-eipisode Color World with Gary Spetz series. Once again, it is the visual travelogue of an artist, emphasizing "the path traveled" to acquire his art. Gary sets off for the Mediterranean, where he explores the fabled city of Venice; the legendary city of Rome; the Renaissance birthplace, Florence; the romantic French/Italian Riviera; the quirky, cosmopolitan city of Barcelona; and the exotic Greek Islands. Then Gary departs for the tropical Hawaiian Island of Maui, followed by episodes of New England and the fall colors of the Saint Lawrence Seaway. Color World is designed to appeal to artists and non-artists, alike. It calls upon travelers to open their eyes a bit wider, to further appreciate what may be easily passed by. It is the series' premise that-in a world of so many "bells and whistles"-simple beauty is often overlooked.
3416 ::: Dristor (2014) ::: In the middle of Dristor, an infamous neighborhoods in Bucharest, 4 characters are caught in some unusual events of their daily life. Alexandru manages to gets his girlfriend fired from her job, but she has her way to make her boss keep her. Mihai, Alexandru's little brother, decides it's time to make things straight in his relationship with his drug dealer and makes a confession to his mother.
3417 ::: Hellinger (1997) ::: A fallen man of the cloth forever bound to the fires of Hell by a pact made with Satan is unleashed to torment humankind. It was 20 years ago that a young innocent named Melissa was discovered by her neighbors drenched in blood and driven to near-insanity by the evil that claimed her father, and even as an adult, the darkness of that fateful day still haunts her. Father Thomas Donaldson was a trusted clergyman who was loved by his flock, but when Father Donaldson began to question his faith and became obsessed with the idea of getting a glimpse of heaven, the deal he so arrogantly cut with Satan to fulfill his Earthly wish left him blinded and possessed by evil. Now the man once known as Father Donaldson has become Hellinger, an unstoppable demon with a unquenchable hunger for human souls and a special place in his black heart for the girl who now thinks he was a mere figment of her imagination.
3418 ::: The Investigator (2010) ::: An online interactive murder mystery game. To experience The Investigator, gamers must pro-actively solve a crime and assume the role of the "hero" homicide investigator; during the course of solving an original storyline and move up in rank.
3419 ::: Passer By (2004) ::: Joe is a successful man, a good man, a good father, a good husband. Until one night, in a moments decision, he makes the choice to walk away when a woman in distress asks for his help. As the dire consequences of that moment unfold, Joe tries desperately to repair the damage and his faith in himself and the man he thought he was.
3420 ::: Jiang hu san nu xia (1970) ::: The plot follows the titular sisters, Ruo Lien, Ruo Lan and Ruo Mei whose clan protects the famous mighty steel sword, a powerful weapon much sought after by their rivals, in particular the nasty Chu Tien Hsiang (played by the legendary actor Lo Lieh, known at the time for being the studio's first international superstar, appearing in the likes of "King Boxer" and "Lady Hermit") who aims to use it to become number one in the martial arts world. Infiltrating the trio with his cunning schemes, he seizes the blade and sets about eliminating its rightful owners as the girls band together to bring him to justice.
3421 ::: Side Streets (1998) ::: Staten Island Cab-driver, Bipin Raj, picks up a passenger, mistakes her for a movie star, but tells her that his brother, Vikram Raj, is a very well-known Bollywood mega-star with millions of fans, and is currently living with him and his family of his wife and two children. But all is not hunky dory in the Raj household, for Mrs. Chandra Bipin Raj, who initial thrill at meeting her mega-star brother-in-law, has shimmered down, and she is anxious for him to leave. Vikram Raj, no doubt may have been a handsome man in his younger years, but now he is alcoholic, grossly overweight, macho, and lazy. But all is not lost, for Vikram has several ardent fans visit him, and dance to his filmy songs and tunes, much to Chandra's exasperation. Then a few days later, Vikram claims that Al Pacino has phoned him and wants to meet and discuss a movie script. The Raj family give him a fond farewell. This short story as well as the story of a dress-designer; a drug-dealer working at a meat-shop; a beauty queen's slacker husband ET AL comprise of people of diverse cultures living their separate, yet inter-connected lives in this busy metropolis.
3422 ::: Aldrig mere i morgen (2017) ::: The famous and aging artist, Thorvald (Erik Clausen), believes that he is both immortal and indispensable. But as his heart stops one day, he is not ready to leave this world. An angel (Bodil Jřrgensen) gives him a last chance for as invisible and free soul to walk for three days among his survivors. Thorvald quickly realizes that they do not respond completely as he expects and that his death provides new opportunities for both the angry and unconvincing son Vincent (Nicolas Bro), the young wife (Marijana Jankovic) and his bitter ex-wife (Britt Bendixen).
3423 ::: Paradise Lost (2003/I) ::: A picturesque fishermen village overlooking the Mediterranean, Paradise is a Palestinian enclave inside the state of Israel, with a history that ecoes stories of a massacre and deportation. When the director investigates the secret past of her village Paradise, she uncovers more than she expected. Before she knows it, she is warned by her mother: "don't be like Sou'ad" - referring to the sad story about a rebellious "bad girl" whose story became a myth in the village. Accused and imprisoned as a PLO activist back in the 70's, Sou'ad is more than just a role model for the young director. But when she deepening her research, her trouble really begins. A filmic-diary about recreating a lost history, and about re-defining modern womanhood within the traditional village life.
3424 ::: Who's Sorry Now? (2012) ::: Who's Sorry Now? explores big marquee moments of regret from public figures such as Bill Clinton and Tiger Woods to take a timely look at the art, the spin and the billion dollar business behind The Big Apology.
3425 ::: "The Imperfect Sculpture" (2003) ::: The Imperfect Sculpture is a classic and famous television artwork or television drama made in China, directed by Yangxinlei / X.L.Yang, firstly shown in Sep 2003, by Guangxi Satellite Television of China, to the global audiences. It is an absurd but reasonable and credible story, occurred in a small and common Culture Museum in Western China, besides call for protecting precious historical relics, which highlights and the importance of moral self-discipline in the age of market economy.
3426 ::: Cessez-le-feu (2016) ::: In the early 1920s, Georges Laffont, traumatized by the horrific trench warfar, decides to leave his life behind and travel to West Africa into the vast territories of Upper Volta in the company of Diofo, artist and also survivor of the Great War. From village to village, Georges uses Diofo's talents as a griot to recruit the villagers as labour for plantations in Ghana. But this adventure leads him to a dead-end, and he comes back to Nantes where his brother Marcel, a war invalid, lives with their mother's. After the war in Europe, life went on without him. Georges will desperately try to find his place, with the help of Helene, a sign language teacher with whom he will have a tumultuous relationship, and his family, that he selfishly left behind. He will finally attempt to heal their wounds...
3427 ::: Der Elefant vergißt nie (1995) ::: A dwarf from a circus and his best friend, an elephant, rescue a beautiful young woman from her burning car. When the dwarf visits the lady later, she tells him he has got a wish, because he saved her life. The dwarf wants one night...
3428 ::: Fall from Grace (1994) ::: During the Second World War, an entire battle front developed in the field of espionage. "Fall from Grace" is the story of one young woman and how, after joining the British Secret Service, she quickly realizes that her life is expendable if her death will serve a higher purpose.
3429 ::: Flip the coin - Den bitre smag af te (2008) ::: The third and final part of the Flip the Coin documentary series about the effects of globalization, this film documents poor financial rewards and toxic work conditions in tea plantations in Kenya, Sri Lanka, India and Bangladesh despite their associations with major Western tea brands and the Max Havelaar fair trade organization.
3430 ::: Operation Christmas List (2016) ::: 12-year-old Barney is on a mission to get what he really wants for Christmas this year. He hatches a plan to beat the Christmas rush and buy the entire stock of the most sought after gift, The Patty Panda doll! Barney and his friends sneak into the local department store after hours hoping to use the rare toys to swap for things on their own list. Things don't go exactly as planned when Forte and his slick gang of tight suit wearing thieves, show up with the same idea.
3431 ::: The Queen of Versailles (2012) ::: In 2008, the Siegel family was top of the heap with the wealthy and politically influential David Siegel running the successful Westgate Resorts time-share business. To enjoy their good life, he and his engineer turned beauty queen trophy wife, Jackie, were building the largest single family private home in America. Suddenly, both the US economy and Westgate were rocked by the devastating sub-prime mortgage collapse. In the new economic reality with the business teetering on ruin, we follow the Siegels as they struggle to scale down their grotesquely ostentatious lifestyle. For this overprivileged family, accepting that situation proved a dispiriting struggle even as their unfinished dream home became a monument of their superficial values. Orlando, Florida based married couple, seventy-four year old 'David Siegel (VII)' (qv) and forty-three year old 'Jaqueline Siegel' (qv), live an opulent life. Both from humble beginnings, they are nouveau riche resulting from his primary business, Westgate Resorts, the largest privately owned time share in the world. Richard, one of David's adult sons from his first marriage, works in an executive position at Westgate specifically at their newly constructed Vegas property - the jewel in the Westgate crown - the two who are more business associates than they are father and son. Beyond his business, David sees himself as a political kingmaker, he believing he being solely responsible for 'George W. Bush' (qv) being elected president in 2000. Jackie, a computer engineering graduate and former model/beauty queen, sees herself as mother first, pumping out seven children thus far (with one other minor she "inherited" from a relative living with them), she admits doing so since she knows they can hire the necessary nannies to do the child rearing. As they feel they have outgrown their current 26,000 square foot home, they are in the process of building a 90,000 square foot house inspired by and named after the palace at Versailles. It would be the biggest house in the United States. The Siegels find that they are not immune to the volatility in the financial markets, the stock market decline in September 2008 which would end up negatively affecting David's business. Forced to lay off thousands and sell off the majority of their assets to pay off creditors, those assets including the now only 50% completed Versailles, David, with Richard's help, tries to find solutions to their crumbling business, most specifically keeping the bankers from foreclosing on the Vegas property, while he and Jackie and their family will see if they can readjust to life of the more common folk.
3432 ::: Loop (2014/I) ::: From my perspective and close acquaintances and their perspective of me. It is not easy to just laugh it off. On the other hand, I wonder if the others are the same as me. From perspective, we feel happy or frustrated and sometimes we make effort to think and act like the others to try to not to show our weakness. And think that we have been changed but we have not. It always comes back like loops.
3433 ::: The Sage Hen (1921) ::: Jane Croft is the subject of cruel gossip in Silver Creek, Arizona, in 1880, and is nicknamed "The Sage Hen." The Home Purity League drives her out of town with her son, John. She sends him back to town on a horse when they are attacked by Indians. There he is adopted by the Rudds; and when they move away, Jane loses contact with her son for 20 years. In the meantime, she becomes housekeeper to George Sanson and a "mother" to his daughter, Stella. A gold rush brings John back as a lieutenant of cavalry. He falls in love with Stella, but Craney, a gambler, threatens to expose Jane's past unless she gives Stella to him. The father is killed, but John saves his mother and Stella from further jeopardy. Jane confesses her past to her son and is able to find happiness after years of sorrow.
3434 ::: Purgatory (2006) ::: Purgatory is a dark psychological thriller. Parker is an out of the ordinary funeral director. He buries his unwilling victims alive taking their possessions as his fee. Aaron wakes from his drug induced state and Parker reacts with a devastating fatality, leading to his own painful end.
3435 ::: Curandero (2005) ::: Curandero: Dawn of the Demon is an action-packed horror flick that takes a couple on a horrifying journey through the deepest bowels of the Mexican underworld. When beautiful federal agent Magdalena calls upon the local curandero (Gallardo) for his services to purify a police station, the two of suddenly find themselves immersed in a satanic cult's blood-thirsty battleground.
3436 ::: Moronga (2016) ::: A psychotic US marine becomes an agent of chaos in a village in southern Mexico during a social uprising. On his journey towards Death, he discovers the truth behind a local tragedy involving a mysterious pregnant girl, and decides to do something about it... but gets it all wrong.
3437 ::: Jitensha toiki (1990) ::: Under-achievers Shiro and Keita manage to survive delivering newspapers. They are otherwise on their own since their peers had all left for university three years earlier. Passing the entrance exam is the main problem. Shiro, however, is more interested in finishing a super-8 movie they had begun in secondary school than studying. But Keita feels more pressure on him to pass, and can't share Shiro's enthusiasm. To further complicate Keita's life, he hears that Kyoko, his ex-girlfriend, is coming back for a visit from her studies in Tokyo.
3438 ::: The Pierced Heart & the Machete (2012) ::: The Pierced Heart & The Machete is a vivid, unflinching exploration of two annual Vodou pilgrimages in Haiti. The first is for Čzili Danto, goddess of love, art and passion; worshipers from all over the world descend on the southwestern town of Ville-Bonheur to bathe in the sacred waterfall where Dantň resides. The second pilgrimage is for Dantňs' husband Ogoun, god of war, iron and healing. It takes place at the end of July in the northern town of Plaine du Nord, where practitioners bathe in a mud pool and make flamboyant sacrifices. This beautifully shot film offers disorienting yet illuminating glimpses of the contradictory and complementary aspects of these two lwa, the electrifying rites that honor them, and the intense music that accompanies these ecstatic and bloody ceremonies.
3439 ::: The Ghost and the Bomb (????) ::: Ghosts of two Native American Indians force one of the most honored inventors of America's nuclear weapons program to re-evaluate his life's work and the disastrous effects it's had on the planet. Scientist, and the teenage son he's just met, both must prevent a nuclear bomb from leaking devastation across New Mexico.
3440 ::: Chasing Providence (2018) ::: Chasing Providence is a story about homicide Detective Xander Chase. He is known world-wide for having razor sharp instincts that give him a cutting edge at solving the un-solvable. His New York Time's best selling book: "Chasing Secrets" has catapulted him into stardom. The world attributes this to his degree in Psychology but the truth runs much deeper: Prophetic dreams.
3441 ::: Laurel Blake's Favorite Bondage Positions (1994) ::: Beautiful blonde Laurel Blake explains the types of bondage that appeal to her most. No sooner are the words out of her mouth, the lovely lady is securely trussed and gagged just as she described. Her garments range from business attire, to sexy lingerie and finally to a equestrian costume with her lovely derričre tightly straining against her jodhpurs.
3442 ::: Die grüne Insel - Eine Zeitreise nach Irland (2009) ::: For many years the Emerald Isle was considered the poor man of Europe. But over recent years Ireland has experienced unprecedented growth, making it today the wealthiest state in the EU and the number one IT location in Europe. Many Germans have also decided to settle there. Ireland is the country where big city style coexists with idyllic rural scenes, where the rugged cliffs of the coastline gives way to gentle hills inland, and where historic reminiscences are closely entwined with vibrant, modern culture. This unique mixture has made Ireland one of the favorite destinations for German emigrants and holidaymakers ever since the 1950s. The film-maker Beatrice von Schilling sets off to track down the most fascinating and picturesque places throughout the Emerald Isle.
3443 ::: Kingdom: Fall of Illandrieal (2019) ::: Kingdom: The Fall of Illandrieal is an Action, Fantasy Adventure Movie, that follows the quest of a group of commoners on a journey across many Kingdoms to raise an army able to defeat the evil Legion. Follow Balfour and his group of friends as they risk it all, encountering strange creatures and deadly terrain as they make their way to their destination avoiding the Legion at all costs.
3444 ::: Diary of Darkness (2014) ::: Jill Garner is a successful, music producer. After being brutally raped and left to feel responsible for the attack, she finds herself forced to find any way to emotionally survive. The time-line explodes in Jill's life, from the second of her abduction and rape, to her ensuing nervous breakdown, to her traumatic psychological meltdown. Jill desperately searches for a reason to continue her life. She searches for herself through reckless and cloudy relationships with others, as well as drugs. With the failure of each relationship, Jill traumatically disintegrates.
3445 ::: Open All Night (2016/II) ::: Open All Night tells of two brothers in conflict. In school Buddy was a juvenile delinquent and has now begun to lose his mind. Cohen tries to cut his blood ties; he finds a father figure in the local junkman and creates a 'family' among his gang of misfit friends.
3446 ::: Be a Healthy Woman (2009) ::: Join Gary Null Ph.D. as he discusses everything a woman needs to enjoy vital health regardless of age. Dr. Null will present the latest cutting-edge, scientific information along with empowerment strategies to live a long, beautiful, happy and healthy life.
3447 ::: Hibi rokku (2014) ::: Takuro Hibinuma had no talent for sports or aptitude for studying throughout high school and never had a girlfriend. However, he found his true calling when he began playing rock music. While in high school, he formed a rock band named Rock 'n' Roll with his friends. After graduation, they move to Tokyo and begin playing live shows. One day, at a live house, Takuro meets a world-renowned idol singer named Saki Utagawa and his fate is irrevocably altered when she asks him to write her a song.
3448 ::: Europe's Last Dictator (2012) ::: Irina is the sister of imprisoned Belarussian presidential candidate Andrei Sannikov. Through her eyes this doc charts the violent crackdown that followed the 2010 rigged elections and its dreadful aftermath. Award-winning photography captures Orwellian images of brute force used against unarmed men and women. We see the torture, murder and kidnap that defines Belarus today. A rare glimpse into Europe's most repressive state. Hundreds of others like Sannikov, including the other presidential candidate Alexander Neklayev, were also brutally beaten and imprisoned that night. With virtually the entire opposition behind bars, it fell to family members to campaign for their release. So Irina and Eva, the daughter of Alexander Neklayev, have now taken to the road to meet world leaders in an attempt to secure the release of their loved ones. From Irina's defiant perspective this doc gets right inside the prison that Lukashenko has turned Belarus into, exposing the true extent of the crisis. "People are so isolated in terms of information in Belarus, especially now that 10 million people live in jail". As the opposition continues to languish in custody, how long will the people of Belarus have to wait before they are set free?
3449 ::: Baptized by Desire (????) ::: Richard views himself as a typical Southerner - works hard, hunts, and loves his wife Claire. However, when he discovers Claire with another man, Richard is surprised to find that he is intrigued, rather than angered, about the affair. This discovery forces Richard to reckon with who he is and what he is feeling. Alongside the twisted and misdirected ways he sates his physical needs, Richard revisits unresolved memories of his father John's obsessive desire to "see the face of God." While Richard struggles to go beyond the physical, John struggles to accept it, seeking instead a spiritual high. Richard has to face the hard question: can we ever be truly satisfied? He does so at the risk of finding that his desires could end in tragedy, and yet with the allure that perhaps there is still something greater than life lived at the surface.
3450 ::: 36 Hour Layover (2016) ::: This film is a romantic comedy about a stewardess (Calhoun), who after 12 years of dating (Joseph) as college sweethearts (along with several marriage proposals in between), meets a business man going through a divorce (White) on one of her job layovers. As expected, sparks fire and unexpectedly a traumatic past is revealed, and the couples lives are changed for ever.
3451 ::: Krotoa (2013) ::: Krotoa [her Khoi name] was a Khoi girl (c.1643-1674) of the Goringhaicona tribe from the Cape who was taken at the impressionable age of ten or eleven years old into the home of Jan van Riebeeck as a domestic servant. When the young Krotoa moved into the home of Jan van Riebeeck, she became a 'pet' project to his wife, Maria. A tragic heroine - Krotoa: Eva of the Cape. The only recorded female interpreter of her time, was the bridge between the Khoi people and the Dutch settlers. She aided Jan van Riebeeck in his dealings with the Khoi and was instrumental in negotiating the end of the first Dutch-Khoi war. We examine the life of a woman now known as the Mother of the Afrikaaner Nation. Krotoa was directed by Kaye Ann Williams with Uwe Jansch as Director of Photography and producer by Roberta Durrant.
3452 ::: Chasing Solace (2015) ::: After arriving in the port city of Klaipeda, an American traveler comes across a Lithuanian woman with thick skin. Through coffee and a meal, the two grow on one another and through her suggestion, agree to spend the rest of the man's journey together. Heading for the major attractions such as the Hill of Crosses and the capital of Vilnius, the two unexpectedly face external obstacles, prompting them to reveal their true selves and fears. As the trip progresses, the two find themselves in unfamiliar emotional territory. Knowing their time is limited but their possibilities endless, a decision has to be made about what the future will look like for the two. Despite their connection and obvious affection, the bittersweet tale of encountering friendship when we least expect it will remind us that in life sometimes the simplest story has the most complex emotions.
3453 ::: The Same Love, the Same Rights (2013) ::: The 15th of July of 2010 was an historical day in Argentina. That day a law was approved that says that marriage is independent of the sex of the contracting parties. At the same time, a more democratic and egalitarian society was build. This is the result of the long fight of committed women and men. They lived through very dark years full of hate to eventually see their dreams coming true. Activists, militants, young's and just sympathizers of the cause, have achieved the unthinkable, make of Argentina the first country in Latin America in pass a law like this. It was a decision about the model of society in which these people want to live. Besides that we will meet social and minority organizations, we will know the story of three different couples. From different generations they will tell us how they lived and felt the fight, their sensations and points of view. We will know how they see their lives after the law of egalitarian marriage
3454 ::: Juan y Vanesa (????) ::: When Juan, a 35-year-old truck driver learns he has a daughter, he decides to become responsible. He quits alcohol and takes one last chance at his job, to deliver various goods to Mexico City. At a gas station, Vanesa, a Mexican Lolita with pink-dyed hair convinces Juan to let her go with him. A rebellious teenager and a broken man start a journey where they confront each other and their own demons only to realize that this strange encounter can awake something unexpected and beautiful in them.
3455 ::: In der Fremde (2014) ::: With the break of dawn, the day begins for Croatian migrant workers on the asparagus fields in the south of Germany. For the money, they leave their home for three months. Abroad, separated from family and friends, their daily life is determined by the rhythms of the field and the factory. Throughout, it is the contact with each other that helps create a feeling of community and get them through. Home is ever-present while elsewhere.
3456 ::: "Funny Valentines" (2015) ::: Funny Valentines is a comedy collection of nine original short films exclusive to BBC iPlayer, written and starring many of Britain's finest comedians. Each comedian was invited to create a short Funny Valentine to bring their unique take on the international day of love.
3457 ::: "El auténtico Rodrigo Leal" (2005) ::: A young chef, Rodrigo Leal gets fired from his job and decides to join a reality show to get the money to support his girlfriend Raquel Villamil and her family. But to get in the cast, he has to make a promise: he'll reveal his (false) homosexuality during the show. In the reality show, the objective is to rebuild an old hotel. In the hotel he will meet the other peculiar competitors; the astute producer Aníbal Torres; and, of course, the charming hostess of the show, Carmen Morena...
3458 ::: Agneepankh (2014) ::: Agneepankh is based on real life story of three (3) such people. 'Agneepankh' is an effort to bring forward the struggle to find the existence of such people. Ajay,who loses his parents lives with his sister.Depressed ajay takes to drugs.To buy drugs he opts to steal.unable to come out of it stealing becomes a habit. Meena, a social worker tries to help the drugs addicts because too had fallen prey to drugs. Mukesh,who works in a factory takes to drugs because he is influenced by his friends he thrashes his pregnant wife for money. 'Agneepankh' is a story of the people who are lost, who are seen everywhere we go but ignored by us. It tries to find the reason behind the psychological state of the people.
3459 ::: Eleven Days, Eleven Nights 2 (1990) ::: Sarah Asproon returns to New Orleans to act as executrix of the estate of a millionaire whom she was once the mistress of. She must decide which one of his surviving family members will inherit his fortune. It's not a decision that she's willing to make alone....
3460 ::: The Last Visit (2007) ::: A short film about a Queer Jew bringing her lover home to meet her grandma. The story is a poetic nigun dedicated to reconciling relationships past and present, and to peace in the beauty of the land. As the north american Jewish community's attachment to a Jewish homeland in Israel plays out as erasure and genocide of the Palestinian people, this is a film about creating home and hope inside of ourselves.
3461 ::: Riding for Jesus (2011) ::: Sometimes the salvation of the soul rides a two-wheeler: Pastor Paulee and Annalisa are Christian bikers, devoting their life to anyone needing help. They left behind a difficult past and became fervent worshippers of Jesus in the saddle of their roaring Harley Davidson. Five years ago the couple founded a church in Las Vegas. Since then they provide spiritual support to those in trouble and to outlaw biker groups. Today Paulee and Annalisa live in Texas, but carry on their mission all over United State showing U-turn in life is always possible.
3462 ::: Living Warbirds: Steel Warriors (2009) ::: No Music - No Distracting Narration Just screaming pistons in full stereo sound Living Warbirds: Steel Warriors puts you on the tarmac so you can see, hear, and feel the fierce power of these magnificent warbirds: the roar of the engines starting, closeups of the beautifully restored aircraft, takeoffs, multiple flybys, and landings. From World War I and World War II, to every other major conflict of the 20th century, victory would not have been possible without the most advanced fighting machines of their time. In battles over Europe, African, Asia, and the Pacific, fighter planes like the P-51 Mustang and bombers like the B-29 Superfortress carried and protected our brave men and women. After their missions were complete, most of these warbirds were neglected and abandoned. A few survived, lovingly restored by warbird enthusiasts around the world. Living Warbirds: Steel Warriors features these historic airplanes in all of their glory, reminding us of the critical roles they played in the greatest wars of our time. Airplanes included on this DVD: Chance Vought F4U Corsair, Curtiss P-40N Warhawk, Douglas C-53D Skytrooper, SBD-5 Dauntless, Fairchild PT-19A Cornell, Grumman F3F, F4F Wildcat, F6F Hellcat, F7F Tigercat, F8F Bearcat, TBM Avenger, Hawker Sea Fury FB-11, Lockheed P-38 Lightning, Mitsubishi A6M Zero, Nanchang China CJ-6A, North American Aviation AT-6B, P-51 Mustang, SNJ-4, SNJ-5, T-6 Texan, T-28, TB25N Mitchell, Ryan PT-22 Recruit, and many more.
3463 ::: Teenage Kung Fu Cottontails (2014) ::: Dow, a mad scientist is hell bent on creating hybrids to defend Seattle using superheroines. Some called him mad, not understanding him. He has won many awards in the Science community and is always pushing the limit and trying new things. Eventually Dow was expelled from the Science community, this angered him and caused him to really push forward, working hard to come up with his creation.
3464 ::: Fumiko no umi (2007) ::: A blind girl of around ten years old is not having a pleasant upbringing. She is poor, neglected, shunned and even loses a friend. Yet, she does not give up hope. That is the adaptation of the actual story of Kiyo Awazu who grows up to educate blind children. The young Fumiko becomes an apprentice to a masseuse and works hard to learn a skill. She also studies to learn braille.
3465 ::: Spin (1995) ::: Pirated satellite feeds revealing U.S. media personalities' contemptuous plans for their viewers come full circle in Spin. TV out-takes appropriated from network satellite feeds unravel the tightly spun fabric of television, a system which silences public debates and furthers the intolerance of anyone outside the pack of journalists, politicians, spin doctors and televangelists who manufacture the news. Spin moves through the L.A. rebellion and the floating TV talk-show called the 1992 U.S. presidential election.
3466 ::: One Last Job (2008) ::: A Man who works for a crime gang known as the 'Red Jacks' decides he wants out so he can raise his son in a good and safe environment but first he has one last job to complete. As long as all goes the way it should everything should be fine.
3467 ::: Art of Darkness (2012) ::: ART OF DARKNESS is a nail bitingly tense suspense horror set over one gruesome night. Ben (MARTIN LAURENCE) and Liz (EMILY BAXTER) are a married couple still coming to terms with Liz's recent miscarriage. Too distraught in the weeks after it, she quit her nursing job, and Ben is struggling to hold on to his accountancy job after a round of redundancies. Things are not that great between them right now. In a bid to make some money on the side to help out, Liz accepts a shady modeling job for Philip (RYAN ELLIOTT), an intense photographer who works from his sprawling house in the middle of nowhere. But Philip isn't what he seems... Now: Liz is trapped in the dungeon-like basement of the house, in the clutches of a murderous psychopath with artistic pretensions, and caught up in an organ-harvesting nightmare. Her only hope is Ben, the one person who believes she's in danger It's a race against time to save her, but can Ben get to Liz before she becomes Philip's next victim...?
3468 ::: "Pro Beach Hockey" (1999) ::: ESPN's made-for-television beach sports/sex appeal/rock 'n' roll summertime show featured roller hockey games, dancer cheerleaders, and rock bands at the beach. Former Raiderettes Brooke Morales, Gretchen Stockdale, Kelli Brook, and Paige Green were among the show's "Jammin' Dancers", probably the highlight of the show's first season.
3469 ::: La perrera (2006) ::: David, has just failed his university examinations and has one year to re-write them. Ruben, his father, a pragmatic and successful businessman, has been paying for David's education, the pursuit of which he considers a waste of time. Ruben wants David to work and make himself useful and he strikes a deal with him: David can stay and study for his exams at Ruben's house in La Perrera, a coastal resort town, while he builds a house for himself. And so, a year-long adventure starts for David, an urban intellectual, in the isolated La Perrera and among its off-season residents who include nearly as many dogs as men, where the only women are either pregnant or prostitutes, and where no one wants to work and things are done out of friendship more than anything else.
3470 ::: A la vida, a l'amor (1998) ::: Juliŕ, a dynamic, naughty and very vital boy, is diagnosed as having AIDS. His parents do all they can to go ahead with their life, but the rejection they find in their little community, of which they had felt a part of until then, will lead them to a crisis. Finally, the attitude of children of the town, with Cosme - Juliŕ's friend - as their leader, will be a lesson for the whole town.
3471 ::: TMO@The Castle (2011) ::: 'Osborne is either a nut or a visionary', TMO@The Castle presents film footage not seen in over 80 years. The only surviving film clips of Thomas Mott Osborne silent feature movie about prison reform which uses the Naval Prison and naval prisoners as extras. Osborne is the only civilian commander appointed to run the Naval prison from 1917 - 1920 and he is an industrialist, mayor of Auburn, and warden of Sing Sing in New York. Controversy and scandal was part of his prison years including the Portsmouth Naval Prison (this year the prison is 104 years old).
3472 ::: "Maya Thirrai" (2017) ::: Sandhya had it all, but something felt missing. After years of waiting, she bumps into the handsome Prakash, a widower who came with a promise of all she ever wanted. Little did she know that her picture-perfect marriage was nothing but an illusion. Combined with a mysterious grandmother, an autistic twin, a seductress, and a chilling supernatural vibe, it was just the beginning for Sandhya.
3473 ::: Paranormal Asylum (2013) ::: Mary Malone was committed to a NY insane asylum to live in solitary after being blamed for spreading Typhoid Fever in the early 20th Century. Now, nearly 100 years later, two aspiring filmmakers set out to discover what really happened. What starts as a simple investigation turns into a battle for survival, as they discover Mary may be dead, but she's certainly not gone. After an unsuccessful experience as screenplay writer, Mark comes from Los Angeles to New York invited by his former college friend Andy. Andy lives with his girlfriend Michelle and the aspiring filmmaker expect to make a documentary about a patient of an abandoned hospital called Typhoid Mary. They investigate her case and interview people connected to her expecting to find the truth about the internee. Soon they discover that Mary was an outcast daughter and probably a guinea pig in the asylum where her father interned her. When Michelle performs a séance, she is possessed the spirit of Mary. Meanwhile Mark learns that Michelle, Andy and his life are in danger. Charlie, is a researcher. His current task is to research and collect info from different asylums regarding the people who are being trapped there and aaren't supposed to be there. He goes to a paranormal asylum where he finds a patient "Mary Malone" who was also named as typhoid Mary.Some 100 years ago, she set the building on fire just because she was insane. It is also said that she was possessed. Sources say that Mary died in that fire tragedy and now the asylum is haunted by her spirit. Now any person, who visits there, is hacked down in pieces. The researcher now, just has to escape from there to survive.
3474 ::: The Primrose Path (1925) ::: Bruce Armstrong (MacDonald) is quite wealthy. He is also a drinker, a gambler, and pretty much worthless as a human being. For some reason, Marilyn Merrill (Bow), a successful dancer, sticks by him. In spite of this, he gambles with her boss, and when he loses, he writes bad checks. In order to avoid jail, Armstrong gets involved in diamond smuggling.
3475 ::: El apando (1976) ::: A jail named "Lecumberri" located in Mexico city, in the most infamous prison in the country, known for the harshness of its punishments and a lack of human rights. In there, three criminals orchestrate a plan to smuggle drugs into the prison, the plan consist in using the mother of one of the prisoners as a "mule"
3476 ::: 50 to 1 (2014) ::: A misfit group of New Mexico cowboys find themselves on the journey of a lifetime when their crooked-footed racehorse qualifies for the Kentucky Derby. Based on the inspiring true story of Mine That Bird, the cowboys face a series of mishaps on their way to Churchill Downs, becoming the ultimate underdogs in a final showdown with the world's racing elite. "50 to 1" is the upcoming biopic of the 2009 Kentucky Derby Winner, Mine that Bird, best known for the stunning upset at 50 to 1 odds. Filming began on this long awaited project in September 2012 in the deserts of New Mexico. Mine that Bird was an American thoroughbred race horse with a career in both the US and Canada. While competing and winning or placing in many races, it's the journey to the Kentucky Derby and it's win that caught the world's attention. An owner of Mine that Bird, Mark Allen, will be portrayed by actor - singer Christian Kane (Leverage, Hide, Her Minor Thing), while Skeet Ulrich (Jerico, Law and Order L.A., Into the West) has been cast as the horse's trainer, Chip Woolley. Director Jim Wilson (Dances with Wolves, The Bodyguard, Wyatt Earp) has been devoted to this project since 2010. The storyline promises to be a buddy movie, likely suitable for most family members. The beauty of the New Mexico scenery featured as the horse and it's handlers race to the Kentucky Derby at the last minute, promises to be a special treat.
3477 ::: Reunion (2008/VI) ::: Centennial tribute to Marin County's famed Tamalpais High School. Comprising interviews with current and former students and faculty with arresting archival footage, a swift stream of reminiscences and reflections recalls the teachers, mentors, classmates, social life and special chemistry that shaped lives through the defining decades of the twentieth century and beyond. Throughout, Tam High absorbs and reacts to larger changes around it, from the opening of the Golden Gate Bridge to the mobilization for World War II, to JFK's assassination, rising racial tensions, the emergence of the counterculture and today's high-stakes emphasis on academic success. Graduates filmmaker Rob Nilsson, rock musician Bill Champlin, pianist George Duke and mountain bike inventor Joe Breeze all champion the school's influence on their subsequent careers, while the future for this generation of students is yet to unfold.
3478 ::: Soul Killer (2009) ::: Natalie, a young marketing professional, is trying to climb the corporate ladder at a cutthroat ad agency in Los Angeles. Her earnest pursuit has gotten her nowhere, while her corrupt co-workers, Shannon and Alexandra rise to the top. But before long, her co-workers begin to be stalked by something not of this earth - a creature that kills by astral projection, leaving behind a flawless corpse with no trace of fingerprints. The police have no leads, and it seems Natalie is its next target. Now, Natalie must search, through Tarot Cards and Old World Magic, to unravel the mystery of the Soul Killer.
3479 ::: Marc-Marie Huijbregts: Marc-Marie Punt (2012) ::: Each show again Marc-Marie, based on personal anecdotes and reflections, sketches a very intimate self-portrait. Comical, poignant, or both. Always sincere. About life and death and his (also our) own inability. Marc-Marie is able to let his audience loudly laugh at things we should not laugh about.
3480 ::: Bert and Arnie's Guide to Friendship (2013) ::: Bert and Arnie's Guide to Friendship follows the romantic misadventures of Bert Sheering, a sophisticated, yet sexually repressed author and Arnie Hubert, an executive and unabashed ladies man. When Bert discovers that Arnie is sleeping with his wife, this modern day odd couple are launched into a journey filled with comedy, romance and ultimately, friendship.
3481 ::: The Killing of Angel Street (1981) ::: Jessica Simmonds returns from overseas to find her retired professor father in a bitter public fight to save the historic Sydney waterfront houses on Angel Street. After her father's mysterious death, she joins forces with local residents and a union leader against corrupt forces. Based on the real life mysterious disappearance of Juanita Nielsen.
3482 ::: Stand Up (2009) ::: In Jilin, China, Song Xue-Wen becomes the inadvertent victim of a radioactive accident at his company. He undergoes seven major operations, with both legs and the left hand amputated. However, the company refuses to give him proper compensation to pay for prosthetic limbs with which he might some day achieve his dream of standing up. Experiencing the lowest point of his life, he meets a young girl, named Yang Gang. Song and Yang decide to go to the company's headquarters in Beijing to seek justice. Life in the big city is hard for the young couple, but through it they find happiness and what it means to stand up.
3483 ::: "10454" (2017/I) ::: In the near future there is no middle class. The denizens of New York City live in either enormous subsidized housing developments or in the ultra luxury shopping and living centers they are meant to service. For the poor having a job means you receive rent and meal vouchers, for the wealthy it means you have a purpose: to thrive. 10454 explores a society on the verge of a break down through the eyes and experiences of the citizens of 1600 Bruckhaven- a city unto itself, nestled in the South Bronx of the 2050's. While "the haves" and the "have-nots" play out their respective roles, a new force is rising in the world: one that promises to change everything.
3484 ::: The Testing Block (1920) ::: The tough outlaw 'Sierra' Bill falls in love with the traveling girl violinist Nelly Gray. Sierra forces her into marrying him. They have a child, but family life is interrupted by the gambler Ringe, who not only persuades Nelly to leave her husband but ruins Sierra at the gaming table. With thoughts of vengeance, the angry Sierra breaks out of jail and goes after Ringe.
3485 ::: Disconnect (2009) ::: All of humanity is linked; by lineage, by history, by space, by experience and by emotion. And yet somehow we remain so completely insulated from one another, refusing to unlatch that door chain. In short, this piece is less about what divides us than it is about what connects us.
3486 ::: Heading Liberty (????) ::: Agnieszka and Kristof were an ordinary couple from Sydney who one day decided to quit their jobs and follow their dreams. They began their extraordinary adventure by buying an old sailboat online in Mexico and then sailing it back to Australia - across the Pacific ocean, by themselves, with no prior sailing experience, filming every inch of the way.
3487 ::: House of Terror (2013) ::: In 1989, two small time criminals named Tony and Charles rob a bank, Tony Kills Charles to keep all of the money for himself and to build a good life for his infant daughter Shayla. Twenty three years pass and Tony becomes a very successful man with the ill-gotten money. Shayla who is now an adult comes home for her summer break from college. Tony has a business meeting out of town this particular weekend, and Shayla invites some old friends over for a small get together in his absence. During the get together one of Shayla's friends inadvertently brings Charles back to life, by reading the ancient book entitled "The Book of Tortured Souls". Charles rises from the dead to seek revenge on the man that murdered him so many years ago. Chaos and mayhem ensue along the way as Shayla and her friends try to survive The House of Terror!
3488 ::: Saga of a Crew 2008 Special Edition (2008) ::: The Earth 3rd Expeditionary Fleet in search of new resources suffers a mishap and the Commanding Admiral must dispatch a hastily assembled 3 man team on a desperate mission to an uncharted region of space to obtain a vitally needed material for the ship's generators. The 3 man crew aboard 2 spacecraft crash land on a desolate planet, where they struggle to repair the damaged spacecraft and complete their mission before time and sanity run out.
3489 ::: Paper or Plastic? (2008) ::: A feature-length documentary about excelling in life at whatever you do, Ready, Set, Bag! follows contestants and their fervent supporters from around the U.S. as they get ready for the National Grocery Bagging competition in Las Vegas. Speed, accuracy and heart will determine who is best qualified to ask you, "Paper or plastic?"
3490 ::: Lyubov: Love in Russian (2017) ::: For several years, Nobel Prize winner Svetlana Alexievich investigated Russian people's relationship of love. Which, she means, is an acute shortage of today's society. Documentary film director StaffanJulén followed her work and together they depict a process driven by equal parts of political, artistic and humanistic forces. This film has been developed from a series of interviews conducted by Svetlana Alexievich for her forthcoming book on love. Even though the stories focus on love, it is inevitable that they are also broad epic stories from the everyday life of the Russian people. Love that survives oppression and persecution. Young well-educated women who can not find equal men or love crushed by war and disasters. One question asked in the interviews was: Why is it so difficult for people to describe happiness in the Russian culture?
3491 ::: Sunny (1930) ::: To be near the fella she loves, an English bareback rider dons dungarees and cap to pass as a boy stows away to America, gets caught, marries someone else...and finally ends up in the warm embrace of her beloved. Such fluffy foolishness is the plot of sunny, the Broadway smash brought to screen life by the irresistible Marilyn Miller, recreating her stage success in the title role. The sparkling Jerome Kern - Oscar Hammerstein lotto hardback score includes who? and the title tune. And the lovely Miller socks' em over with her winning voice, exhilarating dancing skills band infectious good cheer. If this is your firs encounter with Marilyn Miller, prepare to be a fan.
3492 ::: The Hamlet of Canfield Gardens (????) ::: Fillmmaker Jill Campbell's exploration of the life of her mentor, 88 year-old British writer Bernard Kops. Combining observational footage, Kops' poetry and traditional Jewish music to weave in and and out of indelible moments from Kop's life. The film presents a whimsical view into the psyche of this prolific mentor, husband and writer.
3493 ::: "Game Lodge" (????) ::: When Matt, a ranger and ex legionnaire soldier's wildlife conservancy is targeted by an unscrupulous poaching syndicate, he is forced to draw on all his military and bush skills to find the syndicate killers and eliminate them before they destroy his conservancy and hurt the people close to him.
3494 ::: Ladrones (2015) ::: Ladrón que roba a ladrón 2 unites Latin American superstars Fernando Colunga and Eduardo Yańez in an unforgettable non-stop action comedy that takes you on the adventure of a lifetime. Their mission? To reclaim land stolen from a humble, hardworking community by a beautiful but lethal diva and her team of thieves. Forced out of retirement, Colunga and Yańez must recruit their new team of "Robin Hoods" to perform the biggest heist of their careers.
3495 ::: The John Entwistle Band: Live (2004) ::: This performance captures legendary Who bassist John Entwistle and his own band performing live in an outdoor setting at twilight hour. The concert features numerous original John Entwistle songs never before filmed or released as well as never-before-seen footage of John at home, on the road and behind the scenes with his own band mates.
3496 ::: In Sheep's Clothing (2016) ::: Not everything, or everyone, are as they seem. People walk around everyday appearing to be something they are not. Do you know the person siting next to you? Do you know who is your true friend and who you can trust? A church accident brings all the key players back to town and a murder from years ago is uncovered. The group has not seen each other in 20 years and they are all different than they once were. Now begins the search for answers as to who did it, and did they have help?
3497 ::: Tretí sarkan (1985) ::: Schoolboys discover that if sitting in a certain rocky cliff area in the forest, they can memorize anything they read there for exams the following day. Turns out the rocky cliff has a cave in which they make an incredible discovery. Great sci-fi film!
3498 ::: Transitions (2017/I) ::: TRANSITIONS is a journey from the civilizing void of the desert to a maximal urban, capitalistic and hedonistic density, which in the case of Las Vegas assumes some bizarre expression. The film is a contemplation without any people or moving machines in it, focussing on the built and designed. The narration is fragmentary and works with calm frontal, raw tracking shots. TRANSITIONS is also a narrative of 'city-becoming'.
3499 ::: Inside Spontaneous Human Combustion (2006) ::: Over the last century, more than one hundred people have lost their lives in the most baffling circumstances. Officially, the deaths have been put down to freak accidents in unfortunate circumstances. But unofficially, there's a chilling theory that links all of them together: Spontaneous Human Combustion. But does the phenomenon really exist? Iron Maiden lead singer Bruce Dickinson, sets out to solve the mystery. His fearless quest for the truth gets him seriously hot under the collar, but after risking a scorching, he finds some surprising answers to one of history's hottest questions.
3500 ::: Chonmage purin (2010) ::: Kidzhima Yasube, the Samurai of the period Edo, is postponed to 180 years ahead to Japan of our days. There he meets the divorced woman Hiroko and her son Tomoyey. She invites Yasube to herself to live, and for food and a lodging for the night asks it to help about the house. The former Samurai begins to cook cakes for Toma and thanks to them becomes the famous confectioner. The relations between this Trinity become more and more warm, but day when they have to say goodbye with each other, already not far off .
3501 ::: The 40 Year Journey of Marvin L. Winans (2017) ::: The 40 Year Journey of Marvin L. Wianans catalogs the life of one of the most recognized names in the gospel industry, "Marvin L. Winans." It tells the story of one man's faith and personal struggles from the perspective of those who knew him best.
3502 ::: The Earthquake (2015) ::: May 12th, 2008, a catastrophic earthquake occurred at Wenchuan, Sichuan, China. It has been the most severe earthquake throughout China's history. Zundao, a small town near Wenchuan, has been significantly destroyed in the havoc, 95% of constructions collapsed and hundreds of thousands of people killed or wounded. TimeDoc spent 6 years consecutively documenting the change from several selected survivals: Just lost their child, why a young couple was going to divorce? With a strong will to live, why a 70-year-old man had difficulty achieving his last wish? Reached the depth of despair, how a merchant made his business booming again? Queried by the public, how Vanke, China's largest residential property developer, deal with an unprecedented crisis due to insufficient amount of donation? In the process of reconstruction for both soul and home, how can the survivals find their way...
3503 ::: Enough About You (2017) ::: Enough About You is about a decorator to the rich and famous in Los Angeles whose personality and ego is far greater than any of the clients she is supposed to be serving. She will rob from Peter to pay Paul and constantly dangles trips to her beloved house in France to make up for her appalling antics and dodgy work ethics.
3504 ::: "Nemas Problemas" (2015) ::: We follow the two friends Erik Ekstrand and Mats "Mackan" Edlund on their trip through South America, from Panama in the north to the southern end of Argentina. With a lacking knowledge of the Spanish language, they encounter spiders, natives, friends of Pablo Escobar and much more.
3505 ::: The New Governess (1909) ::: Elsie is preparing to leave her mother. Trunks are packed. A last good-bye, and she departs. In a Strange Town, The train arrives. When Elsie steps from the train a young man is trying to take hold of her grip, but is severely beaten by a gentleman whose protection Elsie implores. The New Charge. Elsie is received by the lady of the house and introduced to her new charge, a boy six years old. The Son of the House. While at dinner the son of the house enters, in whom Elsie recognizes her protector at the railroad station. Five Months Later. Ed, the son of the house, has been greatly attached to the young governess, and asks her to be his wife. True Love Never Runs Smooth. Elsie received a package and a letter reading as follows: "Dearest Elsie: I have to leave on business, and will be absent for three months. Take this diamond brooch as a small token of my true love. When I return I shall claim you as my own for aye and ever. Devotedly, Ed." Elsie kisses the letter, puts the brooch in a drawer and the key in her pocketbook. A Child's Innocent Act and Its Grave Consequences. The father is at work at the office. The cashier brings the checks to be signed, among these two drafts for $20,000. Elsie enters with the boy. She has a note from the proprietor's wife. The proprietor exits, after him the new governess. The boy innocently plays with the two drafts, writes on them and puts the pieces of paper in his pocket. Elsie returns and departs with the boy. Shortly after the proprietor is looking for the drafts. They cannot be found, and Elsie is suspected of having stolen them. The Detective Thinks He Finds a Clue. A detective is engaged. He examines Elsie's room and finds the diamond brooch. The brooch is held as a proof that she stole the notes. Accused of Theft and Convicted on Circumstantial Evidence. Elsie is accused of having stolen the money, and is convicted on circumstantial evidence. Rags for Sale. A peddler buys some old clothes. Among these the little boy's suit, which he wore while visiting his father's office. At home, in his junk shop, while examining all his clothes, he finds the two drafts, not knowing what they were. A friend explains to him the value of the papers. They at once go to the proprietor to restore to him the drafts. In the meantime Elsie is behind the prison bars. "Where Is Elsie?" Three months have passed. Ed returned from his trip. His first question is for Elsie. The father tells him of Elsie's dishonesty, and as a proof shows him the diamond brooch, whereupon Ed informs his father that he is the giver of the brooch and that Elsie is innocent. Just then the peddlers enter, bringing the two drafts, on which is plainly visible the scribbling of the little boy. "Can You Forgive Me?" Father and son quickly bring the proof of Elsie's innocence to the proper authorities, and Elsie is freed. The father asks her forgiveness and joins her hand with his son's.
3506 ::: Epic Cat Runner (2015) ::: Epic Cat Runner is a cute and delightful endless runner arcade cat game with huge selections of costumes and power-ups! Run through the city avoiding obstacles and hop around the buildings to collect coins and reach high scores with your own, personalized cat! Suitable for all ages and free to play, Epic Cat Runner is the family friendly endless runner that is customizable and loaded with exciting visuals. Out now for free on the iOS App Store!
3507 ::: Closer and Closer (1996) ::: Kate Saunders is a successful writer of books dealing with serial killers. She is also a paraplegic as the result of a vicious attack by a killer who also murdered three woman after being inspired by Kate's novel. Now the sequel is about to be published and the killings have started all over again.
3508 ::: Dykaren (2000) ::: In the repercussions of a big robbery the loot shall be taken to a Baltic country to Sweden by the Russian Mafia's female courier. She, however, doesn't know that the robbers had planned to lock her up in the boat, sink it and take care of the loot themselves. The woman manages to save herself from the sinking boat. A Swedish fisherman picks her up and together they suddenly find themselves escaping from two rival criminal gangs. They are from widely different worlds, but now their lives are linked together more and more.
3509 ::: Mati suri (2009) ::: In the days leading up to her wedding, Abel is confronted by a strange pregnant woman who claims she's carrying the child of her fiance, Wisnu. Shocked by this revelation, Abel feels that her world is falling apart and decides to kill herself. She fails her suicide attempt and suffers a near death experience. Now troubled and depressed, she finds comfort in her best friend, Charlie, who asks her to take some time off at a large getaway mansion outside of town. Strange events begin to occur as the house is haunted by apparitions of the dead. Something from Abel's brush with death seems to be following her and the only way she can escape is if she dies once again.
3510 ::: David Icke: Beyond the Cutting Edge (2008) ::: Since his extraordinary 'awakening' in 1990 and 1991, David Icke has been on a journey across the world, and within himself, to find the Big answers to the Big questions: Who are we? Where are we? What are we doing here? Who really controls this world and how and why? In this seven-hour presentation to 2,500 people at the Brixton Academy in London, David addresses all these questions and connects the dots between them to reveal a picture of life on earth that is truly beyond the cutting edge. Nowhere in the world will you see a presentation like this one, which connects the apparently unconnected to form the tapestry of knowledge that can set us free from our collective enslavement by the hidden powers behind government, banking, business, media and all the other agencies of manipulation and control. What is the connection between ancient history, 9/11, the 'war on terror', the gathering Orwellian nightmare and the nature of reality itself? It seems a strange question to most people, but in fact all are fundamentally linked, as Icke so compellingly reveals. As he says: 'Without understanding the nature of our experienced reality and how we create it, we cannot truly understand anything else.' Tens of millions around the world have become aware of David Icke and his work as what he has written in a stream of books has become our daily experience. Now, go with him to the next stage of his incredible journey - a journey Beyond the Cutting Edge.
3511 ::: Rockabilly Zombie Weekend (2013) ::: The film is called Rockabilly Zombie Weekend and it takes place in Central Florida in a modern day setting. A young couple plans to have a rockabilly themed wedding out at the old farm, despite warnings of a West Nile Virus outbreak. Things go horribly wrong when the virus spawns zombie-creating mosquitoes, who are feeding on the wedding guests as well as the other locals of course!
3512 ::: Poes Poes Poes (2014) ::: Nelle (25) and Frances (31) are - each in their own way - unhappy with their relationship. Days plod along without any sparks or fireworks, yet it seems neither of the girls can be bothered trying harder: they now only communicate their annoyances. When Nelle is suddenly made responsible for the life of a mysterious stranger's cat, things change. Both young women have a different take on how to care for another living creature. The arrival of the pet forces the girls' relationship to be reexamined.
3513 ::: Prestazione straordinaria (1994) ::: Ido, employee in a publishing house, is under sexual harassment by his boss Mrs Clara Guerri. But Ido resists to his beautiful blond boss. This will complicate more the things especially on his job. Not to mention the relationship with Silvana his fiancé. A business trip to Greece could fix the situation.
3514 ::: Smoke Screen (2007) ::: Nathan Glenmore wants to be a rock star. Unfortunately, he has no talent. He enters a contest at his high school for "America's Next Big Star." The record label executives responsible for the contest choose Nathan as a bet to see if they can turn a "no-talent" teenager into a star. Nathan's life is changed forever, as well as the lives of those involved with the "bet."
3515 ::: The Inner Circle (2015) ::: Dr. Ben Taylor, is the picture of calm control. He has the quiet confidence of a self-made man and the swagger of someone who has achieved his goals. Having a undergraduate, Masters from Wayne State University and PhD and MD degrees from Michigan State University, he is the quintessential overachiever. Founder and Chief Psychiatrist at The Brentwood Center for Recovery, a drug rehabilitation facility that is one of Detroit's most successful 28-day in-patient addiction recovery programs. Born to a 13 year-old drug addicted prostitute, bused in and out of foster homes. Married to his college sweetheart for twenty years, who are raising their 18-year-old daughter, Jada in what all appears to be an idyllic life. However, as Dr. Ben helps his patients unravel the complexities of their lives, we learn how his private life often mirrors the drama that unfolds in THE INNER CIRCLE.
3516 ::: Sine-chak (1977) ::: Morteza loves Zari but Zari's bankrupt father agrees to wed her to a wealthy man who will pay all his debts. Zari suicides in the night of the wedding and Morteza leaves the city (Jahrom) to start a new life in Tehran which turns out to be completely different from what Morteza thought it would be.
3517 ::: Poklonnitsa (2012) ::: Welcome to Russia to experience a poignant love story. With a blend of the idealistic and the impossible, the two leading characters of this movie will show you that love is worth every tireless effort. In Saint Petersburg, Chekhov meets aspiring writer Lydia Avilova. Between them arises a mutual sympathy, which develops into a deep feeling. But Avilova is married, and Chekhov is terminally ill.
3518 ::: Color of a Brisk and Leaping Day (1996) ::: The Yosemite Valley Railroad, which runs through the breathtaking scenery and stunning vistas of the Merced River Canyon to its terminus at El Portal outside Yosemite National Park, is on the brink of failure. The grandson of a Chinese railroad laborer embarks on a romantic, but ultimately doomed, quest to save this railroad from being sold for scrap. His love of trains finds him working as a railroad-man, instead of at his father's profitable business. He manages to locate a wealthy eccentric investor to help him acquire the railroad, but its financial inviability makes this a quixotic reprieve, at best. The film also portrays the anti-Asian racism present in America at the conclusion of World War II. The film is based in large part on the real Yosemite Valley Railroad, which ran from 1907 to 1945 outside Yosemite National Park and though that short line's visual presence has been totally erased from history, the film's designer and locations team did a breathtaking job of bringing this long-lost railroad back to cinematic life. The central character is loosely based on the real-life 18-year-old John McFadden of Pasadena, who in 1945 was alleged to have a plan to save the railroad from being scrapped. Unfortunately, McFadden failed and the railroad was lost.
3519 ::: As pik (2012) ::: Set in the of the nineties of the past century, Bad Destiny explores the consequences of war on its protagonists and the tragedy which those people carry. Beli returns in small Montenegrin town, after years in prison. During the war in former Yugoslavia, he was a member of paramilitary unit Shadows, which participated in cruel executions.
3520 ::: Fabulous! The Story of Queer Cinema (2006) ::: A chronological look at films by, for, or about (or 'by, for, and about') homosexuals in the United States, from 1947 to 2005, from Kenneth Anger's 'Fireworks' to Ang Lee's 'Brokeback Mountain'. Talking heads, anchored by critic and scholar B. Ruby Rich, are interspersed with an advancing chronology and with clips from two dozen films. The narrative groups the pictures around various firsts, movements, and triumphs: experimental films, independent films, sex on screen, outlaw culture and bad guys, female romances, films about A.I.D.S. and dying, emergence of romantic comedy, transsexual films, films about diversity and various cultures, and then main-stream Hollywood drama. What might come next?
3521 ::: Lopovi prve klase (2005) ::: A story involving a group of traveling actors who perform at an experimental prison where the thieves have first class comforts provided to them by a reformist warden. Ironically the troupe performs a play named The State Thief, a play about thieves for thieves.
3522 ::: Bruit de fond, une place sur la terre (2002) ::: With its uncompromising script as powerful as the questions it raises, this film bears the imprint of meticulous attention. Our world, complete with factories, advertising, roads and public transport, is expressed here with dignified clarity.
3523 ::: No Outlet (2007) ::: Middle-class America supports a rich irony: its children don't have to grow up. This documentary tracks their condition as they veer between blue-collar jobs and petty criminality, anti-depressants and hard drugs, therapy-speak and violence, trying to find a way to explain themselves. In this film, we try to draw our audience into an experience of the unnoticed, unexpected, and disruptive rhythms that dominate the everyday life familiar to them. In the banal, pristine world of the suburbs, we chart the dynamics of a constant search for distraction, and record the vacillations of an energy and intelligence that can find no adequate means of expression or purpose.
3524 ::: "Outside Africa" (2005) ::: A documentary showcasing the hard struggles of fresh African university graduates, at the beginning of their independence outside Africa. The first episode is titled - FROM HONEYMOON TO HOMELESSNESS - After an expensive white weeding in Africa and absent from work for 3 months, Jethro and Margaret return to the UK to find out that there job was long gone and there isn't enough money in their bank account to keep a roof over their heads. Sunny Ache and his crew followed them for a whole month to tell their sad story on the streets of England many miles from their native African home.
3525 ::: So che ritornerai (2009) ::: Anna Gastaldi, owner of the same electromechanical industry, has a secret story with Maurizio Mainardi, his best friend Lisa. When she becomes aware of her pregnancy, Anna attempts to close her relationship, but Maurizio hinders her and, in an attempt to stop her, dies in a car accident. Not before, however, for having sworn his return. For Anna, who had been pregnant by the man, the promise seems to happen five years later, when during a wedding she meets in Tom, Maddy's boyfriend, where she seems to recognize her lost lover. Meanwhile, the general manager of the weaving industry against women .
3526 ::: För dig naken (2012) ::: An intimate and sensitively filmed love story between one of Scandinavia's most highly regarded modern painters and a young Brazilian dancer. Two men with a dark past desperately searching for true love. They meet on Skype and can't communicate, yet they decide to meet and try to fall in love. This is the beginning of an unpredictable and humorous love story with dark undertones of domination and control. We closely follow their search for a life where someone loves you - regardless of how vastly difficult it can be to love one self.
3527 ::: Bystander (2006/II) ::: Why have there been so many bystanders to genocide and war crimes? Bystander portrays three individuals who intervened to thwart the mass murder of innocent victims as the crimes were unfolding, and frames these portraits with riveting psychological experiments that demonstrate the scarcity of moral courage.
3528 ::: The Dry Season (1998) ::: Spencer Keating, a 24 year old florist, hasn't been with a woman for 350 days. If approaching that ego-smashing year mark isn't bad enough, he has to deal with his overbearing, over-sexed best friend, a business deal headed down the gutter, and the all-too-familiar problems of living the single life.
3529 ::: The Pervert's Guide to Ideology (2012) ::: The sequel to The Pervert's Guide to Cinema sees the reunion of brilliant philosopher Slavoj Zizek with filmmaker Sophie Fiennes, now using their inventive interpretation of moving pictures to examine ideology - the collective fantasies that shape our beliefs and practices.
3530 ::: Homeless (1997) ::: To be on the road without a map, As time flows back to the past. To bleed without a cause... to run without a heart. As fate rains without a warning. To fade without dying... to speak without echoes. As fathers become sons and sons become fathers. To sing without light... to sleep without dreams. To live... To be Homeless.
3531 ::: For God's Sake (????) ::: After many millennia, a disconcerted God is fed up with man's debauchery and places the fate of humanity in the hands of a suicidal marketing executive who has one week to create an Ad campaign to save the world, but finds himself in a battle between God and Satan to prevent Earth's total destruction.
3532 ::: These Are the Corners of Our Eyes (#2) ::: Shot between 26 August and 27 November 2014, These are the Corners of Our Eyes (#2) depicts brief moments during thirteen days of Jovanna Eriksson and Davor Radic. The film focuses on those very things we often neglect, dismiss or forget. The mundane and unimportant objects living in the corners of our eyes.
3533 ::: Captain of the Rig: Peter Berg (2017) ::: This documentary offers info from from cast and crew including sound designer Wylie Stateman, composer Steve Jablonsky, and cinematographer Enrique Chediak. It discusses Berg's directorial style and impact on the shoot as well as camerawork, music and audio.
3534 ::: Junk (1999/II) ::: In a decaying world of aberrant weather patterns, lifeless landscapes and mundane objects, Max r. and Christina meet on the day she has decided to end her life. Writer/Director Roddy Bogawa's second feature film, JUNK, is a love story that is as much science fiction as classic Noir. Elliptical in design and beautifully shot by Ben Speth (THE DELTA, DRESDEN), JUNK moves from the micro (objects obsessively collected by max r.) to Warholian surveillance of the everyday (eating, sleeping) to the abstract (satellite views of the Earth), reflecting an interior narrative interwoven with an existential journey - between Nature and Culture, structure and disorder, geological time and cinematic time. A film that attempts to revive a poetic relationship of sound to image/narrative to essay, JUNK explores the world around us and the world imagined - it's past, present, and possible future.
3535 ::: Follow the Leader (2002/II) ::: Follow the Leader provides a look at the every day life of the President of the United States as it has never been seen before. Top officials from several presidential administrations, as well as senators, renowned journalists, the Secret Service and many others take us from aboard Air Force One to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, the illustrious address of the most important leader in the world.
3536 ::: Kaler Rakhal (2009) ::: Adopted from "Dui nomberer asami" written by Nilanjan Chaterjee. 'Kaler Rakhal' ( The Understudy), is a musical depicting the lives of colorful 'Bahurupis' ( The itinerant performers ) in rural India, mainly in Bengal region. The story also focuses on contemporary social and political issues.
3537 ::: Real Paranormal YouTube (????) ::: This is a documentary style telling the stories of families and business owners going through Paranormal activity in there homes or place business as this will follow two females who are Paranormal investigator's helping the families to get answers and results.
3538 ::: Láska (1973) ::: Sixteen-year-old students of a grammar school are supposed to write essays on "Love". The class best student Andrea ('Jaroslava Schallerová' (qv)) writes about a patriotic love to a country as she has no experience with a partner love. She has been living alone with her divorced pretty mother Eva ('Milena Dvorská' (qv)), a dentist, for many years. Recently, however, Eva met her former school-days love at a graduates' party, nowadays a famous hockey goalkeeper Brukner ('Frantisek Velecký' (qv)). Also his marriage fell apart; he leaves the national team and decides to leave Prague for his home town and to share flat with Eva. He takes with him his son Petr ('Oldrich Kaiser' (qv)), in Andrea's age, who gets his last chance to finish a grammar school in the town.
3539 ::: Dog Years (2005) ::: Ben, a dog born in the summer months of 1996 - so that makes him 39, he tells us - narrates a bit of his life as we watch him at the shore with his owner, playing fetch, running in the water, sand, and mud. He was neutered at 13, and this is still a bone of contention with his owner. Worse, Ben tells us that his owner disappears for days at a time, leaving Ben bored and depressed. What should a dog in that situation do?
3540 ::: Red Farewell (2017) ::: A poetic visual elegy celebrating life in the time of death. The film reveals the elaborate rituals of a traditional Chinese "Happy Funeral" for a 104-year-old foot-bound woman in Yunnan Province, southern China. An investigation into the secret of longevity tracing the wisdom of Buddhism.
3541 ::: Un altro mondo (2010) ::: Andrea is a care free young man from a rich family. He's just interested in partying until he receives a letter from his father, who abandoned him when he was a child, telling him that he's in Nairobi and he's dying, and asks him to visit. Once there he realizes that his father had a child with a local woman.
3542 ::: Everyone's Got One (2005) ::: A delusional janitor meets a celebrity, hoping the hotshot will make him famous. When this doesn't happen, things go sour and the toilet cleaner's madness comes to the foreground...what follows is a strange trip into kidnapping and ultimately motivational speaking.
3543 ::: "Pop Cira i pop Spira" (1982) ::: Romantic comedy about good old times. Two ortodox priest with their families are in decent relationship till new teacher is comming to the village. As both fmilies have a dother for marriage, and young and educated teacher is a good opportunity, the battle for the teacher starts. Nicely remembering on forgotten customs in Banat and whole Vojvodina region.
3544 ::: Bloomfield (1971) ::: Sir Richard Harris portrays Eitan, yesterday's football hero waiting for tomorrow. A man who has nothing left but guts. He consults the unheroic prospects of having to find a new profession and having to face a loving woman who doesn't understand his problems.
3545 ::: Aloha Life (2008) ::: Aloha Life is a documentary based on the Aloha Life workshops presented by host Alika Medeiros. Alika learned of the Aloha Life from his grandmother and it has been passed from generation to generation of Hawaiians through their ancient chants and the hula hula. The Aloha Life is not a new concept, nor is it a secret. It is an education in the old teachings, a balanced system of personal development, healing and spiritual discipline. The world's great teachers have preached for centuries what the the Hawaiian people live through an Aloha Life. The islands of Hawaii hold the key for achieving total personal power, boundless love and an eternal peace - that key is an ALOHA LIFE!
3546 ::: "The Joy of Teen Sex" (2011) ::: With the help of experienced professionals,volunteered teens discuss matters of their sex life,resolving problems & learn the latest ways to improve. There is also a segment where a certain matter is approached throughout each episode by a girl.
3547 ::: Sarang mandeulgi (1983) ::: Tae-hun, a rugby player and author of children's books, and Mi-hae, an art major, are the most popular couple on campus. When Mi-hae's parents decide to emigrate to the USA, the two lovers declare independence from their support and move in together--a decision they will ultimately lead to disaster.
3548 ::: The Automobile Race (1904) ::: A most novel picture is this. One wonders how it was taken, as the machines are so rapid that before one could take a snapshot they are gone. One after the other they speed past like the wind, and it is safe to predict that were anything to break the occupants would be dashed to pieces before the machine could be brought to a halt. Lots of action.
3549 ::: Oil for the Lamps of China (1935) ::: An American, working for his oil company in China, disregards all but the company's interests. " The characters and the institution portrayed in the story are not actual but the product of fiction. The oil business was chosen because light has ever been symbolic of progress."
3550 ::: "The Late, Late Show" (1962) ::: WITI-TV Channel 6, Milwaukee, Wisconsin obtained some old horror movies in 1961, and screened them as "Shock Theater" on Friday nights through to Saturday mornings at 12:35 am from 3 November 1961 through 12 January 1962. On 19 January 1962, "Shock Theater" was replaced with "The Late, Late Show", which had a change of focus, but still included some horror movies. The movies screened were: 1. 19 January 1962 Devil Doll 2. 26 January 1962 Mark of the Vampire 3. 2 February 1962 Bewitched 4. 23 February 1962 The Mask of Fu Manchu
3551 ::: Ratziti Lihiyot Gibor (2004) ::: the most interesting thing about this feature film about the israelian refusnik-movement is its ability to show the inner conflicts of the refusniks. in that sense the movie is not aimed to given an as-objective-as-possible kind of view of the refusnik-issue and the debate about it but to go back one step and show what refusnik is about besides the media image made about them.
3552 ::: Dreamland Capers (1958) ::: The film is structured as a vaudeville show, with the sounds of a band and a live audience. In between strip-tease dancers, comics Edward Innes and John Maloney entertain, sometimes with Jean Carter. She also gets to sing risqué songs. Ray Vaughn plays bottles and washboard with pans; Dot Hackley does rope tricks; and, Jacqueline Hurley, in scanty attire, performs contortions.
3553 ::: "Gi' mig 5" (2008) ::: Danish version of the international quiz show format "Power of 10", in which contestants have to guess the results of opinion polls taken in the general public. Two contestants first compete to come closest to the correct answer on a scale from 0 to 100 per cent. The contestant who first has three wins goes on to compete for prize money, aided by a a friend or family member as well as the opinions of the audience. With each of five rounds the interval the contestant is allowed for his guess shrinks from 40 per cent to 30, 20 and 10 until the final round, when the contestant must give a precise answer. (The question is the final round is the same as for the penultimate round so that the contestant's options are limited to the 10-percent interval already confirmed to be correct.) With each round, prize money increases in multiples of ten from 500 to 5 million Danish kroner, the largest in Danish quiz show history.
3554 ::: The Visitor (2012) ::: THE VISITOR is a paranormal adventure series featuring Shelly Murphy, a tom-boy beauty queen, who's just been told she is possessed by a dark power. Seeking a second opinion, she hits the road to find answers from the very people who could harm her. Through vanishing small town America, Shelly seeks out paranormal experts and eye witnesses to find the truth behind that which plagues her.
3555 ::: Portrait of a Man of Power (1991) ::: The trial of Todor Zhivkov provided an occasion to go back in time and rethink an entire era. The issues that concerned me in this film were fear and manipulation, what the mechanisms were that turned this man into a nondescript and mute automaton, and how deeply those mechanisms penetrated into his subconscious. The film crosses the paths of informants and victims, uncovering a perfectly honed system of rumors, denunciations, fear and surveillance by the security services. On the other side is Todor Zhivkov himself. His role is re-examined, with a look behind his mask as a "man of the people," which over the years gradually revealed a very good manipulator, who controlled the whole system personally and who, thanks to his skillfully perfected ability as a "puppet-master," managed to stay in power for 35 whole years.
3556 ::: BP (2002) ::: Blake Poopler follows the surreal experience of a depressed New England bartender as he moves from his longtime home in Boston to the paranoid confines of Brooklyn, New York.
3557 ::: Tapestries of Hope (2009) ::: Tapestries of Hope is the story of filmmaker Michealene Cristini Risley who traveled to Zimbabwe to document the work of Betty Makoni and the Girl Child Network. The film exposes an issue that continues to be ignored: the rape and abuse of thousands of young girls in Zimbabwe by men who believe it will cure their HIV/AIDS.
3558 ::: Mala uva (2004) ::: César, vigorous in his 60s, runs a vineyard near Barcelona. The week he learns his vines have worms, a former associate calls: César is a retired hit man and the call blackmails into one final murder - of an accountant exposing political corruption. César tells his daughter, who's about to marry, that he'll be back soon - and goes to the flat in the city set up for him across the street from the accountant. There are complications: he becomes a favorite of women in the building, the accountant befriends him at a market, and he sees his son-in-law entering a house of ill repute on the street. There's also a female cop dropping by. Can César navigate his dilemmas?
3559 ::: Here Come the Waves: The Hazards of Love Visualized (2009) ::: Margaret wanders into the forest and attempts to help an injured fawn, who turns out to be a shape shifting boreal forest dweller named William. They fall in love and William must choose between his immortality and the human female he loves, much to the displeasure of his mother, The Queen. With the forest trying to aid the 2 lovers in their quest to be together, and his mother and the evil Rake trying to keep them apart, it's a love story like no other. This is an animated visualization of the prog rock album The Hazards of Love by the Decemberists.
3560 ::: Who Needs Sleep? (2006) ::: Unsettled by the preventable death of a coworker, filmmaker Haskell Wexler learns that sleep deprivation and long work hours are a deadly combination. Interweaving medical findings with personal accounts, his camera reveals how a 24/7 work culture affects all Americans.
3561 ::: Racing to the Altar (????) ::: Life is 'groovy' when you're twenty years old -the country is digging the Beatles and Bob Dylan, and the most you have to worry about is what bikini to wear. Everything changed on August 26, 1965 when President Johnson made an unexpected announcement that anyone who was not married by midnight that evening would be eligible for the Vietnam War draft - a measly seven hours away. Hundreds of couples all over America heard the call, and thus began the frenzied dash to Las Vegas - the only place not requiring a waiting period to be married. Follow this story based on true events and the comedic yet heartfelt journey of Joe, Linda, Gina and Daniel as they battle a ticking clock, tremendous odds, and an uncertain future as they begin their wild and unforgettable race to the altar.
3562 ::: Iteration Q (????) ::: During spring break, six college students board an old school bus for a 400-mile road trip to a rock concert at the beach. Halfway to their destination, their transportation breaks down near an old, dark house, where they discover that someone has been murdered - and they may be next.
3563 ::: Land of the Brave (????) ::: This is Meisie Willemse's story. She lives in Windhoek, the Namibian capital where the very rich and the extremely poor share the streets. Meisie Willemse is a rugged cop with a dark secret she kept hidden for decades. It's midnight on one cold winter night. Meisie Willemse awakes with a pounding head in the middle of a traffic intersection. Somebody knocked her unconscious while she was trying to help a drunken prostitute. Meisie's service pistol is gone and the prostitute has vanished too. The torso of the same prostitute is found in a dry river bed the following day. Meisie starts her investigation into the dubious red light district. Her path meets with the journalist Piet Potgieter who knows Meisie's dark secret. He threatens to expose it and destroy her life if she does not leak all information relating to the murder. After another prostitute's torso is found, it transpires that Meisie's service pistol was used to commit the crimes. Focusing on finding the killer, Meisie ignores a disciplinary hearing into the loss her gun. She is consequently suspended. Now that she cannot provide insight to Potgieter anymore, he exposes her stint on the other side of the law before Namibia gained its Independence in 1990. Dishonourably discharged, Meisie slumps into a deep hole. The vengeful Potgieter is not quite done yet. He's intent on destroying Meisie's life. Using her service pistol and her promiscuous goddaughter as bait, he lures Meisie to the place where her dark secret was born.
3564 ::: Sunshine Ukulele (2017) ::: A young Irish boy receives the gift of a ukulele from his uncle and proceeds upon a comic, suburban, mini-odyssey in which he struggles to properly identify with the nineteenth century instrument - despite a tsunami of global popularity that it has recently enjoyed online.
3565 ::: Downtown (2016/I) ::: Sahil Oberoi the only son of a self - made billionaire & single parent Rajdeep Oberoi, has always seen wealth around him... he has lost softness & forgiving nature. One day father being out of town for business, receives a call that his trustworthy employee and best friend since his struggling days Mr Zaidi has been hospitalized, needs immediate financial assistance. Father calls Sahil to go immediately for Mr Zaidi's help, but he doesn't take it seriously, as was busy celebrating his girl friend's birthday. Sahil's callous attitude toward people upsets his father; a confrontation takes place. Father realizes his son's inhuman attitude, which saddens him that his son has turned out to be fully materialistic. Father challenges son that if he thinks money can solve everything, and then go and stay on the streets of Mumbai for just 24 hours, to survive without his father's name, identity, credit cards and cash. If he succeeds then he would readily accept/give anything. Sahil accepts the challenge saying it would be a cake walk, because 24 hours for him would just pass like a blink of an eye, leaving behind all his belongings, he leaves house. Coming out of the house for the first time on foot is an unusual experience for him and soon he finds out that being on the street with no cash in hand and having nothing to do, even a minute looks like an hour. Being pushed around in the city crowd he bumps into Anushka who has come to take part in TV reality show and on her arrival she loses her backpack, and has to make her way to the studio taking people's help. Being a cheerful girl (She is all that Sahil isn't) She immediately strikes a chord with him. Sahil is amazed by Anushka's simplicity and her candidness and a positive attitude towards life. He goes along with her to the show where she is unfairly thrown out of the show due to some ego problems between the judges, eventually she too lands up with him with nothing to do till next morning, waiting for her train. From here begins a journey of two different strangers coming together in inimitable style of seeing life, sometimes humorous sometimes emotional and inevitably they both fall for each other culminating in a super charge emotional climax.
3566 ::: Die letzten Männer (1994) ::: Disappointed by failed relationships and the demands set by local women, more and more Austrians search for happiness in a marriage with women from Thailand and the Philippines. Asked about the positive properties of their Asian spouses, the answer of the Austrian husbands quite often is, "They don't talk back." Protagonist of the film is Karl S., a teacher in Vienna in his forties. Following his failed marriage he is now seeking a durable partnership and is on the lookout for a wife who doesn't question her traditional role. His solution: a wife from the Far East. Karl S. rounds up experiences and visits several mixed couples to get a clearer picture and to have his idea proven right. The film accompanies him on his search for the ideal woman and gives an insight into the imagination of these "last real men" who at the beginning seem to have hit the jackpot with their decisions.
3567 ::: Othelo (2005) ::: Carlos Sebatiăo Prata Filho, son of Grande Otelo, watches a tape of a 1963 interview that was thought lost. The interviewer, the great Roquete Pinto, talks with Grande Otelo about his first incursion on theater and by his side are his four sons. Carlos Sebatiăo remembers the old times, his brothers, his mother and his father. Roquete Pinto then starts to interview the little boys and gets unexpected moments from them.
3568 ::: The Man of Mystery (1917) ::: Clara Angelo does not really love her husband, David, a distinguished Roman banker, who is old, ugly and bent. Unknown to her husband, her mother, Mrs. Brunschaut, has involved her in a foreign conspiracy, in order that she may add to the extravagance of her living. David Angelo becomes aware of the intrigue, but before he can discover just what it is, he is called to Naples on business. He leaves his fortune in care of his partner, Stroggi, to be given to Mrs. Angelo in case anything happens to him. On his trip back home he stops to see Vesuvius, and is caught by a sudden eruption and smothered under the hot ashes. He is, however, rescued, and under the treatment of a great scientist, is restored to health; his physical disabilities have also been removed, and he is straight and rejuvenated in appearance, so much so that the doctor tells him he would not be believed if he declared himself to be David Angelo, and he decides to let the world believe that he is dead. He returns to Rome and startles the national treasurer by his brilliant suggestions in connection with finance, spies on the conspirators who are seeking to compromise his wife, is introduced in his own home without being recognized, and prevents his wife's fortune being stolen by his former partner. He also wins his wife's love, and, upon consenting to marry him, she rejoices to learn that he is really the supposedly dead David Angelo.
3569 ::: Internet Romance Gone Wrong (2012) ::: A pretty girl's on-line romance becomes dangerous when she discovers the man with whom she's been corresponding has lied about his age. Both the young woman and her lovely housemate find themselves naked, bound and gagged while the old man makes off with a valuable piece of art.
3570 ::: Brews Brothers (????) ::: Marty and Pete Konkel, two half-brewed brothers in their 30's who live in a tree house in their parents' backyard, run a spectacularly unsuccessful coffee stand in their driveway and, quite simply, have never really grown up. One evening, Marty and Pete head for the local convenience store where they discover their hero, the legendary Juan Valdez, has left behind a mysterious coffee bag in the bathroom stall. Convinced that if they return the bag to Juan he will give them the secret of brewing the perfect cup of coffee, the hapless brothers set out on the road in search of their elusive idol. Along the way, the brothers encounter many obstacles, including a sexy, soothsaying hitchhiker, her professional wrestler ex-boyfriend and a super-miffed mob of flamboyant gangbangers. Throw in a twelve-year-old rival in hot pursuit of the bag's contents and the Konkels soon discover that the cup of life isn't always brewed the way they imagined.
3571 ::: Der Prozeß (1948) ::: In 1882 a country girl disappears from a small Hungarian village. The inhabitants suggest that she was murdered by the Jews. Everything is done to accuse them before the trial. A study in stubbornness, racism and intolerance and how to fight against it.
3572 ::: Motoboy (2004) ::: While Sao Paolo celebrates the election victory of Lula, motoboy Ratinho loses his only means of survival. Chaotic traffic and growing unemployment have transformed the job of delivering mail with mopeds into one of the most popular occupations among young people: only in the city of Sao Paolo there are more than 300.000 motoboys. Every day, at least two of them have an accident, leaving on a grey road, the dream of a better future. People think they are stealers, drug addicts, killers. The story of Ratinho, age 23, develops through the testimonies of other motoboys and becomes dreams, fears, dramas and hopes of all.
3573 ::: Foxtrot (2017/I) ::: John and Trevor are working together, when John finds out someone has been funneling money from the company using his name. After already being devastated from the loss of his wife and child he will need to find a way out of this situation no matter what it takes. Trevor has plans of his own.
3574 ::: Torture Me No More (2005) ::: Who killed the brother of Sal? The neighbors think it's Sal himself, who's just been released from prison and returned home to reunite with his sibling. But Sal was at the pizzeria picking up an order at the time of the murder. Two cops are on Sal's case, determined to send him back to jail, so he takes it upon himself to discover the true killer -- which leads him to explore a sadomasochistic world.
3575 ::: La sangre brota (2008) ::: Cab driver Arturo has to find $2000 within 24 hours; his older son, Ramiro, who left home four years ago, has just phoned from Houston asking for urgent help. However, Arturo's wife Irene keeps their savings away from his reach. The same day, Leandro, their younger, drug-addicted son, tries to steal those savings, planning to make a profitable drug deal.
3576 ::: Meteorango Kid:: O Herói Intergalático (1969) ::: This irreverent film tells the adventures of a middle-class university student called Lula on his birthday, disclosing the profile of a desperate youngster, a sly debauch activist, under the lack of ideals brought by the military dictatorship of the time. In Bahia, in the late 60's, the alienated college student Lula (Antônio Luiz Martins) spends his time protesting in the university, but without political orientation, wandering on the streets, smoking grass, trying to be an actor and having sex. Meanwhile, a common young man stalks women on the streets trying to have intercourse with them.
3577 ::: Duel: Hamilton vs. Burr (2004) ::: In 1804 on a bluff overlooking the Hudson River, Alexander Hamilton and Aaron Burr, two key figures in the founding of their young nation, faced off, pistols in hand. When it was all over one of them would be be dead and the other driven out of town and consigned to the dustbin of history. It was a culmination of a friendship gone sour and a bitter political rivalry that took a tragic turn. 200 years later, the duel between Alexander Hamilton and Aaron Burr has taken on mythic proportions. This revealing special separates the facts from the fiction surrounding their fateful encounter. Hosted by Richard Dreyfuss, THE DUEL features a wide-ranging examination of this slice of American history featuring novelist Gore Vidal, biographer Ron Chernow, journalist Richard Brookhiser, historian Joanne Freeman and other Burr-Hamilton experts debating the many facets of the deadly exchange.
3578 ::: Sick: The Life & Death of Bob Flanagan, Supermasochist (1997) ::: Documentary about writer and performance artist Bob Flanagan who died at 43 of cystic fibrosis. His life was indicated by pain from the beginning and he started to develop sadomasochistic practices, which he developed finally into performances.
3579 ::: The Fringe: Acting Up (2006) ::: Every August, over half a million people flock to Edmonton's Old Strathcona District to watch world-class performers mount both new and classic stage works in this 25 year-old theater festival, which was inspired by the original Fringe Festival in Edinburgh, Scotland. Many actors who began their careers at the Fringe have gone on to star in theater, television and movies. So in the purest Hollywood tradition, our actors are also hoping to be discovered by visiting agents and producers, who see the Fringe as a source of hot, young, comic talent. The Fringe will follow a group of funny, talented and raw 20-something actors as they write, produce, market and perform their own original theater productions in this unbelievably zany, pressure-packed and competitive environment. With over 150 other shows in competition with each other, our stars-to-be must deliver a quality production and design a sophisticated marketing strategy to win over both the media and the crowds. Will they succeed? Will they be discovered? Or will they bomb miserably? Our talented and funny newbies will also get the chance to meet and get some tips from experienced comedic actors and Fringe Festival veterans including Joe Flaherty (SCTV), Nathan Fillion (Firefly) and Ron Pederson (Mad TV). For those who are into hip humor and improvised comedy, The Fringe showcases the hilarious and at times frenetic quest of an appealing group of young up-and-comers as they pursue their dreams of fame, fortune and glory.
3580 ::: The Turning Point (2013) ::: Derrick Hunter is a loving husband, a respected member of his local church and a professional Special Forces Soldier. But, when he returns home from his tenth combat deployment, his wife Tiffany quickly discovers that there's something wrong. He's less social, has trouble sleeping, is easily angered and struggles to find work after his discharge is final. With Derrick's symptoms growing worse each day, he begins to contemplate suicide.
3581 ::: Csók, Anyu! (1987) ::: The rather surrealistic story of a middle-class family who seem to communicate with each other mainly by chalking messages on the kitchen blackboard, while the young son observes every action through a series of strategically placed periscopes.
3582 ::: Hai zi de tian kong (2010) ::: When an art teacher moves from the big city to teach in a remote town, he discovers a student with a tremendous gift for drawing. He inspires his student to take part in an international competition, but finds his efforts thwarted when the principal decides to send an honor student from an influential family to participate instead.
3583 ::: Man glömmer ingenting (1942) ::: When Nora's father unexpectedly dies, she moves to her uncle Berthold and his wife Alice. Berthold is immediately attracted to the 19-year old girl, but his wife, jealous and alcoholic, notices it and becomes hostile to Nora. Nora begins her art studies to become a painter and gets to know the young Johan Manel, who falls in love with her.
3584 ::: Six Lovers (2012) ::: Nathan loves Lucia, who is having an affair with Lorenzo, who is seeing Tom, who has a relationship with Walter, who's separated from Marilyn, who wants to save her relationship. Hearts will break. One will die. It's all on tape. Are you willing to share your innermost secrets?
3585 ::: "Desturbia" (2015) ::: When a violent murder occurs and a disappearance of a local celebrity news anchor Rochelle Taylor, the people of Desturbia are left behind with a dangerous mystery, that a killer could be living among them, a conspiracy cover-up initiated by the Reapers a local urban legend stalking the city.
3586 ::: "Health Beauty Life with Patrick Dockry" (2012) ::: A weekly television series featuring a mix of celebrity interviews, getaway travel, healthy cooking, fitness, beauty, fashion, and lifestyle segments with Host, Patrick Dockry. This 13 episode, ˝-hour, weekly lifestyle series promotes positive, healthy lifestyles with a stylish twist, and explores trends in lifestyle, food, beauty & fashion, health & fitness, travel, celebrity, and non-profit organizations.
3587 ::: Alhucemas (1948) ::: It's 1922. From a Madrid that opposes the war, arrives destined to the North of Africa, without much enthusiasm, the Infantry Captain Fernando Salas, who will incorporate the battalion of the Commander Almendro, a veteran of the African war that soon observes a clear lack of vocation in the Captain.
3588 ::: "Suddenly Rich" (2016) ::: Follow the life transformations that come from unexpected riches falling into the laps of ordinary people. It changes what you can do, what you no longer have to do and what you are about to do. These life changing moments will show how far a little luck can go.
3589 ::: 27 Alien Encounters (2016) ::: Strange and bizarre UFO encounters abound, but recent Alien encounters by highly credible eyewitnesses are so unusual and perplexing that they challenge our understanding of physics and the Universe as we know it. Many who encounter UFO's are amazed at their ability to hover noiselessly only to speed off at incredible speeds not possible with even the most advanced military craft. Many sightings report the UFOs changing shape and size; emitting beams of light over nuclear bases; illuminating roadways and entire towns with a powerful white light; and having the ability to be in one place only to reappear in another in an instant. Even more shocking is the reason behind the abductions and why the Aliens are here on Earth. World governments and military forces know the aliens are here. Explore this phenomenon that is destined to impact our society, our world structure, and our very being. WE ARE NOT ALONE. "Riveting eyewitness and insider testimony." - The UFO Vault. "Everything we've been told about Alien visitations is a Lie." - Sean Morton, UFO Chronicles. "The shocking truth about the Alien Agenda is something that the people of Earth are not prepared for." - OH Krill, author of Montauk Babies. "Humans are under the control of a strange force bending them in absurd ways, forcing their role in a bizarre game of deception." - Dr. Jacques Vallee.
3590 ::: Zen & the Asteroid (2005) ::: Zen & the Asteroid is a Taoist, Sci-Fi Comedy for all ages. It's about Spaceships and Secret Councils, Mad Doctors and Attractive Androids, Zen Koan Questions and a big Asteroid headed towards Earth. The year is 2073. When the eternal spirit of Zen gets bored and decides to have some fun with an asteroid, Earth's very existence is at stake. The Council gathers on the Martian moon-base Phobos and decides to stop Zen and save the Earth by sending the Investigators--an assorted group of Mars' most talented Bounty Hunters.
3591 ::: Patsy Mink: Ahead of the Majority (2008) ::: In 1965, Patsy Takemoto Mink became the first woman of color in the U.S. Congress. Seven years later, she ran for the U.S. presidency and co-authored Title IX, the landmark legislation that opened up higher education and athletics to America's women. PATSY MINK: AHEAD OF THE MAJORITY is the story of this dynamic trailblazer who, battling racism and sexism, redefined American politics.
3592 ::: "Outside Explorer" (2013) ::: The crew of Outside Explorer journey across the country search of vacation ideas which go beyond the same old road trips and resorts. This dynamic and stylish series transports viewers to new destinations around the country, exploring sites which range from the relaxing and family friendly to the "locals only" spots, and places where only daredevils need apply. Each episode documents three different travel destinations and three different ideas of fun in nature! Along the way we also highlight the gear which gets us there! "Outside Explorer" is television's newest and only travel series dedicated to finding truly memorable and interesting destinations. The crew of Outside Explorer journey across the country search of vacation ideas which go beyond the same old road trips and resorts. This dynamic and stylish series transports viewers to new destinations around the country, exploring sites which range from the relaxing and family friendly to the "locals only" spots, and places where only daredevils need apply. Each episode documents three different travel destinations and three different ideas of fun in nature! Along the way we also highlight the gear which gets us there! "Outside Explorer" is television's newest and only travel series dedicated to finding truly memorable and interesting destinations. Do you have a travel destination in mind for us? Please let us know.
3593 ::: The Backward Path (????) ::: The Backward Path Ray Drake is a detective on a case that's got him chasing his own tail. His little drug habit doesn't help. With his pocket voice recorder, his gold badge and his works, he prowls the downtown LA night. One of his haunts is Dreamland, a hostess club where he makes small talk and inquiries with the charming, angelic Amber. Ray stakes out an old luxury motel and witnesses a murder. The femme fatale he discovers in a pool of blood leaves Ray as a prime suspect. Ray answers to a corrupt Police Commissioner, who took him off the streets and built him into a famous detective. Ray enjoyed the bright lights, but now he's trapped in a deadly Faustian deal with seemingly no way out.
3594 ::: "Uno di noi" (1996) ::: Successful golf-course architect Ercole gives up his job one day and takes over as the head of the orphanage in which he spent the first twelve years of his life. There he meets his erstwhile best friend Vito again, who has never come to terms with the fact that Ercole was adopted while he wasn't. Slowly, however, their former friendship returns, and together the two of them manage to improve conditions at the orphanage and give the neglected children renewed hope for the future by doing all they can to find suitable adoptive families or temporary foster families for them. When Ercole and Vito fall in love with the same woman, their friendship is put to the test yet again. The young, self-confident trainee Anna falls in love with Vito, however, and is soon expecting his baby. Nevertheless it takes quite some time before Vito is genuinely convinced of her feelings for him.
3595 ::: "Elvis, Trump and WhatsHisName" (2018) ::: The WHITE HOUSE, President Donald Trump charges Elvis to have a private vacation in Hollywood. Trump travels from Washington DC to GRACELAND and picks up Elvis. When In Hollywood, Trump demands Elvis to pick us a stranger at the bus stop. The stranger is wearing a prisoner shirt with prison numbers. Elvis fears they both will be murdered. Trump explains if they both die, that will be for their Country. After Trump and Elvis ask what his name is, they give up and call him WhatsHisName. All three travel around Hollywood in the most funniest comical actions and different Hollywood places. You will laugh so hard you will fart and pee your panties. Rated for all ages, nationalities and religions.
3596 ::: Cudo nevidjeno (1984) ::: The peace of a small fishing village is shattered by the coming of a young, and stunningly beautiful, wife of a local guest-worker. She intends to live in her father's house, which in the mean-time became a pub. From that moment her revenge begins, toying with to people, their passions and interests. This comic-erotic dimension a lyric element is added, her relation to a local musician. That relation, and the life of the whole village, ends in tragedy.
3597 ::: BEHIND ENEMY LINES the Dnc2k Protests (2000) ::: Educational filmmakers Richard Arsenault and Eva Javurek go in search of images for their guidance videos and end up getting a lesson in the state of American Democracy at the Democratic National Convention Protests in Los Angeles, CA in the year 2000.
3598 ::: Osório (2008) ::: The square was created in 1874. Since 1879 it's name is Praça General Osório. It has a clock that displays the official time of Curitiba city, capital of the State of Paraná in Brazil. The busy square, people gathering together and being apart from each other. A reminder to the fact that each person may be noticeable.
3599 ::: The Legger Man (????) ::: There's a man that lives high about the plantation. Most say he's a witch or warlock. The old people call him the legger man, a mystic that can conjure demons. Booker Devereux knows there is something to this man because he is black in 1763 and not a slave. No white man will go near him. Booker decides to pay him a visit to find a way to escape slavery. This was a mistake...
3600 ::: Do Dilon Ki Dastaan (1985) ::: While multi-millionaire Mr. Saxena is busy announcing the engagement of Vijay, his grandson, he, himself, is busy driving a horse-carriage, and getting into fisticuffs with hoodlums. Vijay is quite unhappy with his grandpa about his engagement with Hong Kong returned Aarti Verma, the only daughter of wealthy magnate Roshanlal Verma. For Vijay is in love with an unknown young woman he saw at the airport. Unable to get her out of his mind, he is thrilled when he gets to meet her again in Srinagar and finally finds out that she is his tour guide, Sona Mathur. After a few misunderstandings, Sona too falls in love with him. Then things change unexpectedly after they meet with an accident, whereby Vijay temporarily loses the use of his legs. When he limps over to Sona's room, he is told that she has been discharged. And the person she has been discharged with is a young man by the name of Kamal - who is also in love with Sona. Vijay must now find out why Sona has deserted him, and if at all Kamal is the reason behind this desertion.
3601 ::: Swimming in Air (2006) ::: "Swimming In Air" is a quietly humorous, hopefully insightful reflection on the process of aging. An all Asian cast lends distinctive characteristics to this short experimental film, which weaves documentary, narrative, and stylized imagery into a buoyant journey through time.
3602 ::: #1 Cheerleader Camp (2010) ::: When they're hired to work at a cheerleading camp for the summer, two lusty college friends prepare for the most spirited three months of their lives. But the squad won't be ready for serious competition without some remedial training in sex appeal.
3603 ::: Afghanistan 1979 (2014) ::: 'Afghanistan 1979: the war that changed the world', is a French documentary about the Sovjet invasion in Afghanistan in 1979. It was one of the most crucial events of the 20th century, and changed the world forever. This documentary gives a good insight in the Afghan-Russian war ; the alliance between the Russian and Afghan communist governments ; Islamic resistance ; the support of America for the resistance and its consequences on the war.
3604 ::: Behind the Britcoms: From Script to Screen (2011) ::: Moira Brooker and Philip Bretherton (Judith and Alastair from _"As Time Goes By" (1992)_ (qv)) host this behind-the-scenes look at the work of the writers behind many of our favorite "Britcoms" (British situation comedies), revealing how their ideas make it to the screen.
3605 ::: Vaudeville Comedy, Then and Now (2012) ::: The comedy skits were written by the men and women of vaudeville. Some of the dialogue has been slightly updated for today's audience, but most of the material is being presented as it was originally performed by vaudeville comics over a century ago.
3606 ::: Aliens and Crop Circles (2013) ::: Prepare to step into the world of magic and mystery as we reveal the truth about ancient stone monuments, crop circles and the world of mystical lore surrounding amazing phenomena. Linking quantum theory with UFO's, paranormal phenomena and the wisdom of our ancestors, this amazing film answers questions that modern scientists and archaeologists wouldn't dare put on record. Discover the real purpose and function of stone circles and how they are linked to the crop circle and UFO phenomena. Crop Circles What Do They Mean? Are Crop Circles made by Man or Extraterrestrials? Are they natural phenomena or a message from Alien races? They have appeared around the globe for hundreds of years and often appear instantly before the eyes of witnesses. Thousands of images prove their existence yet science has failed to unlock their mystery as the Crop Circle Phenomenon remains a much debated subject. Leading experts explore the enigma of the crop circles in depth and offer only one conclusion - We Are Not Alone. The Crop Circle Man Matthew Williams and his friends set out to make Crop Circles, they found ways to create amazing, wonderful shapes so incredible that they would fool thousands of people all over the world who interpreted them as signs of alien visitors. Williams and his friends had fooled the world and delighted in their success. But one day, as they were creating yet another incredible design, a strange psychological effect occurred to them. Listen to their story as Williams himself explains how they made the circles and the ultimate event that changed their lives. Experience the most amazing Crop Circle story ever told.
3607 ::: Brontosaurus (2017) ::: Fighting through the world of mixed martial arts since she was 9, Leandra 'Brontosaurus' Pittman is seeking purchase in her adult life outside the cage. Brawling and sparring are the least of her worries as she realizes that putting on the gloves was never really her choice.
3608 ::: Life Interrupted (2017) ::: Former child actor Mason Bell has a perfect home, a perfect wife, a perfect day and a perfect life; at least until he wakes up. In the mold of classic TV comedy, Mason thinks no one cares about his birthday. He's sent to the airport to pick up Junior who is on furlough from the Army to visit dad. But it's all a ruse to get Mason out of everyone's hair so they can prepare for a surprise party that because of Masons own actions, may never happen.
3609 ::: 14 Weddings and a Divorce (1997) ::: Chronicling the romantic life of Britain's royal family in the 20th century, this documentary explores the history of royal marriages and asks what's next for a royal family increasingly battered by media pressures and whose business is shared with the whole world.
3610 ::: The Adventures of Shadow and Ally (????) ::: When two cats are separated after their Moms get divorced, they escape together on an exciting winter adventure. Out in the world, they soon discover that although families come in many forms, the most important bond they share is love. "The Adventures of Shadow and Ally" tackles themes of sibling rivalry, divorce, bullying and same-sex parenting, but the underlying message is that love unites a family whether living together or apart.
3611 ::: Li Xiao Long zhuan qi (1976) ::: Fighting sequences and drama of the famed martial arts icon grace this biopic as he goes from Hong Kong, to studying at the University of Washington in Seattle, to California, and the beginnings of his Hollywood career. As he continues his film career after his return to Hong Kong, the many fight challenges to him are featured from Thailand to Italy. Bruce's family is briefly featured along with his real life long best friend Little Unicorn (who portrays himself). While liberties have been taken (as in any biopic), this is a chronologically correct depiction of his rise-to-fame to his untimely demise.
3612 ::: Quartier de femmes (1973) ::: In an undefined country, the Governor Mendonza summons the lawyer Lindsay to his death bed to disclose that the lovers Raymond Franval and Beatriz Coblan are innocents. Mendonza tells that he had an unrequited love for Beatriz while his lover Emilia Franval was jealous of Beatriz. Emilia had had a love affair with her godson Raymond, who ended their relationship to stay with Beatriz. Mendonza plots with Emilia to kill his wealthy sister-in-law Margarita Santiago to frame Raymond and Emília. The lovers are convicted of murder and sentenced to a life imprisonment in separate wings of the Devil's Island prison. Lindsay decides to visit his clients and when he arrives, he meets the inmate Rosa that tells the fate of the two lovers.
3613 ::: The Last Day of November (2002) ::: A family of hunters has shot a deer. They proceed to gut it and then transport it back to the barn, where other family members (including young cousins, siblings and offspring) are socializing. The grandfather of the family then washes his hands in the lake and transports the deer to the local meat processing facility for cleaning, aging and butchering.
3614 ::: Night of the Living (1997) ::: A young boy watches in helpless horror as his alcoholic father turns into a zombie before his very eyes. Vancouver's Andrew Currie adeptly builds tension as young Zack wrestles with the twin demons of imagination and reality.
3615 ::: Los viejos (2011) ::: Tono returns to his homeland after many years of absence and pain. With silent characters, frequent dreams,long walks in the countryside,Los Viejos is a film about rough separations, exile and absence of the parents. But above all, is a story about becoming in peace with the past.
3616 ::: La vacanza (1971) ::: Medieval drama in which Redgrave plays an allegedly insane woman who is allowed to finally leave the madhouse to see if she is capable of functioning normally. Her parents pay no attention to her and eventually sell her to a creditor. En route she escapes and runs into a poacher. She explains her terrible situation via flashback. He feels sympathetic and so the two head off for many free-flowing adventures.
3617 ::: Trumping Democracy (2017) ::: Donald Trump became the 45th President of the United States by winning three key states, a victory engineered by an ultra-conservative faction that quietly mapped its way to power using fake news, lies and psychometrics. This explosive documentary follows the money to the reclusive multi-billionaire Robert Mercer who bought Breitbart News and funded the effort, while inserting Steve Bannon into the presidential campaign as its manager. Using data of millions of Americans acquired from Facebook, Google, banks, credit companies, social security and more, another Mercer company, Cambridge Analytica, used tactics honed during the UK's Brexit campaign to identify voters deemed "most neurotic or worried," whom they believed could swing for Trump. In the days before the election, using a little-known Facebook feature, "dark posts", they deployed highly manipulative and personalized messages, that could be seen only by the user before disappearing. In the darkness of the web, democracy was trumped by data. This explosive documentary follows the money to the elusive multi-billionaire Robert Mercer who bought Breitbart News and funded the effort, while inserting Steve Bannon into the presidential campaign as its manager. Using data of millions of Americans acquired from Facebook, Google, banks, credit companies, social security and more, another Mercer company, Cambridge Analytica, used tactics honed during the UK's Brexit campaign to identify voters deemed "most neurotic or worried," whom they believed could swing for Trump. In the days before the election, using a little-known Facebook feature, "dark posts", they deployed highly manipulative and personalized messages, that could be seen only by the user before disappearing. In the darkness of the web, democracy was trumped by data.
3618 ::: SIDS: A Special Report (1995) ::: SIDS: A Special Report is an examination of the medical dilemma of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome. Hosted by Emmy Award winning journalist Linda McLennan, SIDS: A Special Report, interviews numerous medical professionals/specialists giving us a better understanding and explanation of this deadly affliction.
3619 ::: The Minerva Awards 2008: Billie Jean King (2008) ::: Documentary short featuring Billie Jean King, recipient of a 2008 Minerva Award. Created by California First Lady Maria Shriver in 2004, The Minerva Awards have become the country's most prestigious awards given to women "who serve on the front-lines of humanity," celebrating their extraordinary legacies of service and contributions to California, the nation and the world.
3620 ::: Organism (2007) ::: Organism is a film that highlights one of nature's most playful and curious displays in the skies over Diamond Bar, CA.
3621 ::: Até o Fim do Mundo (????) ::: "To the End of the World" deals with humor and sensitivity with a delicate mother-daughter relationship in a journey full of challenges and profound transformation. Ana (Andrea Beltrao) and Maria (Maria Flor) - two women live a neurotic and fun co-dependent relationship until embark on a tight motor-home to cross the Argentina in search of happiness. "Until the End of the World" deals with humor and sensitivity with a delicate mother-daughter relationship in a journey full of challenges and profound transformation. Ana (Andrea Beltrao) and Maria (Maria Flor) - two women full of foibles, brands and fears - live a neurotic and fun co-dependent relationship until embark on a tight motor-home to cross the Argentina in search of happiness.
3622 ::: Onnelin ja Annelin talvi (2015) ::: Jill and Joy (both 9) live in their own house like any other little girls, except that they might be a little happier than most little girls, as they get to live in their own house specifically designed for the two. One December evening a small car, barely the size of a shoebox, pulls up in front their house, and a teensy-weensy family gets out; it's the McTiny family. The family has become homeless after a road roller smashed their home. Planning to live with the girls temporarily, the family moves in with Jill and Joy but soon finds out that not all big people have good intentions towards them.
3623 ::: Painted Horses (2017) ::: Ms. Hoog is destine to be a loser like the many generations in her family that preceded her, but the legacy will end with her, because by strength of character and sheer determination she is going to forge a new path and a new destiny for her and her son.
3624 ::: White Water (2015) ::: White Water is the story of a 7 year-old black kid in segregated 1963 Opelika, Alabama who becomes obsessed with the desire to taste the water from the "white's only" drinking fountain and sets out on a quest to do the unthinkable: drink from it.
3625 ::: Colosio: Testimonios de vida (2004) ::: Documentary film that pays a tribute to Luis Donaldo Colosio, The celebrated presidential candidate who was murdered in 1994. This film holds historical interviews with the candidate's son and father.
3626 ::: "Terang Malam" (2014) ::: A vlogger named Key received a mysterious video of a recent alien abduction from an unknown source. When the video was traced back to her, Key ended up abducted as well, leaving behind a series of clues, including the unusual circumstances surrounding her mother's death. Young detective Anna was then called in to investigate the possible homicide, only to find that the body will go unreported and swept under the rug as soon as a team of government "cleaners" show up at the crime scene. This was all divulged by a crime scene photographer who has been hiding his true identity in plain sight. To answer the millions of questions in Anna's way, she must first find Key and keep her alive.
3627 ::: Rhythms of Life (1995) ::: A visually stunning story of our planet from birth to death and the influence of the Sun and Moon on all living things. This is the story of life from the perspective of the solar system. The rhythmic behaviour of both plants and animals is fundamental. All life moves, grows, wakes and sleeps to some beat, regulated by the changing influences of the Sun and the Moon upon our Earth. [Rhythms of Life] uses motion-control time-lapse photography and high resolution computer graphics combined with real time footage in a sophisticated and imperceptible manner to explore daily, tidal, lunar, seasonal and annual cycles which affect all ecosystems, from the forests to the oceans and from the equator to the poles. A multi award winner.
3628 ::: Flying with Arthur Godfrey (1953) ::: TV host Arthur Godfrey takes controls of an Eastern Air Lines passenger plane to show us "behind the scenes' of a 1950's American airline company. WDTVLIVE42 - Transport, technology, and general interest movies from the past - newsreels, documentaries and publicity films from my archives.
3629 ::: Contos Eróticos (1977) ::: Comedy in 4 segments. In "Arroz e Feijăo" (Rice and Beans), owner of a boarding-house seduces her young countryboy tenant. In "As Tręs Virgens" (The Three Virgins) three spinsters are influenced by the behaviour of their teenager niece, whom they are lodging. In "O Arremate" (The Purchase) a colonist turns his virgin daughter in to a landowner, to have his debts forgiven. And, finally, in "Vereda Tropical" (Tropical Trail), a man becomes sexually obsessed by a watermelon, to the point of having sexual intercourse with it. The stories are based on prize-winner short stories, from a Playboy contest.
3630 ::: Halloween: The Inside Story (2010) ::: "Halloween: The Inside Story" takes a look at one of the most successful film franchises of all time as it goes behind the scenes of John Carpenter's "Halloween," the "frightfest" that redefined the horror genre in the late 1970s. Viewers will learn how writer and director John Carpenter made movie magic on a shoestring budget and how the costume department created one of the most iconic horror villains in movie history by spray-painting a mask of Captain Kirk. It's an inside look at Michael Myers and the Halloween terror he unleashes on the poor teenagers of Haddonfield, Ill.
3631 ::: "Freshers" (2010) ::: "Freshers" revolves around Sean "Smurph" Murphy (Keating) and his newly acquainted house-mates John (Sheridan) and J.P. (Grady) - two best friends, and their exploits and bizarre adventures through their first year of college and adjusting to life in their new surroundings. Smurph displays great enthusiasm for learning and succeeding in life by becoming a journalist whereas John and J.P. are there to learn about the other (and by their own hypothesis) more important things in life - drink, parties, sex, drugs, friendship and music. Throughout the series, the three begin educating each other in their own philosophies in life, each becoming more open-minded of the other's lifestyle choices. The show largely concerns the colorful and surreal adventures of the trio as they navigate their way through college and decide on what they want to do with the rest of their lives.
3632 ::: Vulassic Park (2018) ::: Entrepreneur John Hambone has brought the ancient extinct picklesaurs back to life on his tropical island. Vulassic Park is almost ready for an eager public to visit and for Hambone to make a fortune, but the park needs the approval of some experts first, including picklentologists Dr. Gallon Grunt and Dr. Bellie Tattler. Things go horribly awry on the park's tour however and soon the island is in chaos with with picklesaurs escaping their pens: the Velocigherkins, Dillophosaurus, and the might Tyrannosaurus Dill. Will the heroes escape the terror of the island (and a lawsuit from Steven Spielberg)? Find out when you journey back to a time when pickles ruled the earth!
3633 ::: Made in America? (1992) ::: Form Labor Secretary Robert Reich looks at two classically American industries and how the changes in global manufacturing are impacting those industries and the American workers who make their living within them. In the first hour, Reich examines the "rag" trade and how America's once vibrant manufacturing of clothing has moved overseas and south of the border to countries and workers who are paid far less to sew the newest fashions available to Americans. In the second hour, Reich turns his attention high-tech, looking at aircraft manufacturing, and the competition is slowly eating away at what was once a virtual monopoly for Boeing corporation.
3634 ::: 10:96: Training Night (2005) ::: Comedy pilot about two policemen who spend a claustrophobic evening in their patrol car under the call sign 10:96. Sergeant Barnes has high blood pressure and low self esteem but means well, while PC Sands is Anglo-Indian and soon becomes the victim of his boss's comical attempts to be politically correct.
3635 ::: "The Fried Chicken Shop" (2013) ::: Nina Roe a young fourteen year old girl, with a mother who's crazy about religion, and eleven siblings. Nina is absolutely obsessed with fried chicken. With the help of her friends from squirrel mafia they open the fried chicken shop. Along the way she learns valuable lessons such as "fried chicken is the secret of life".
3636 ::: A Union in Wait (2001) ::: In May of 1981 Wendy Scott would meet a new co-worker named Susan Parker. Their new friendship would quickly transform into something more special. A Union In Wait takes a very personal look at Susan Parker and Wendy Scott's relationship and the controversy that would make their private life anything but private. Susan Parker and Wendy Scott are members of Wake Forest Baptist Church. In 1997 the couple decided they wanted to have a union ceremony in Wake Forest University's Wait Chapel, but the university told them no. Susan Parker, Wendy Scott, their church, and many others joined together to fight the school's decision in what would become a controversy that divided a community in North Carolina and made national headlines. A Union In Wait includes interviews with Andrew Sullivan, Barney Frank, Robert Knight, Jimmy Creech, Fred Phelps, Candace Gingrich, Wake Forest University students, and local ministers. Also included is footage from the Millennium March on Washington, attended by over eight hundred thousand gay activists.
3637 ::: "N no tameni" (2014) ::: University students Sugishita Nozomi, Naruse Shinji, Ando Nozomi and Nishizaki Masato end up coming upon the scene of the murder of the Noguchi couple, because of a plan they had devised. Nishizaki is arrested at the scene and is given a 10-year prison term because of his voluntary confession. 10 years later, Takano Shigeru, a former police officer who has misgivings about the verdict of this case, starts to pursue the truth. He is convinced that it all began as a result of an incident caused by Nozomi and Naruse on an island in the Seto Inland Sea on the summer 15 years ago. "They committed a crime at that time. It was for the sake of each N."
3638 ::: Children of Others (????) ::: A barren woman finally conceives with the help of a mysterious fertility clinic, only to discover that she is bearing a hybrid alien baby. Fleeing from pursuing agents, she has to decide if her newborn child is the precursor to an alien invasion or the only hope of mankind.
3639 ::: "Derrick & Sally: Bathtub Killers" (2015) ::: Sometimes you go drinking. Sometimes you black out. And SOMETIMES you wake up two days later in bed with a 15-year-old girl named Sally. At least, that's what happened to Derrick Jansen. But don't tell him about the bodies in the Bathtub. Especially because he's the jackass that put them there. Besides, his day is already about to get a lot worse. It's Dexter meets Jekyll and Hyde, done in the style of Buffy.
3640 ::: Hic rosa, partition botanique (2007) ::: Hidden behind the name of the most famous of flowers there lies a homage. To what? To the color red, to flushing women. To women enraged by justice like Rosa Luxembourg; to women engaged in the austere precision of an art of truth like Daničle Huillet. Because - it is quite clear and the dates in the subtitles in the credits confirm it (1916/1936/2006) - the voices of one or the other cross the "botanical symphony" that reveals the images in sequence. It is the latter's concern for precision that is heard in the diction of the letters written in 1916 by the former. While Rosa Luxembourg is known for having been the heroic organizer Spartacist, who was assassinated by the police in 1919, it is another timbre than that of combative militant that resonates here. "Do you remember what we were planning to do when the war is over?" she writes to one of her correspondents. Such is the subject matter of these letters: the certain memory of the future. The hauntingly insistent reminder of the causes for which the struggle must be led. If a revolution is to be undertaken, and with all the necessary devotion, it is, to exclude oneself from a project bound to the rational. To what end then? To rediscover the gracious and inconsequential innocence of the original garden. To become animal or plant again, nature without fatality. Return, all in all and according to a familiar messianism, to Master Eckhart's famous mystical program "the rose does not have a why". In this first long film, Anne-Marie Faux celebrates the passion of unhindered floral existence without yielding anything to the demands that such an ambition requires.
3641 ::: Beach Bums (2011) ::: It's one misadventure after another for a clumsy buffoon in BEACH BUMS, a silent comedy from award-winning filmmaker Anthony Spadaccini. Trevor is in desperate need of some rest & relaxation after being fired from his dead-end job. He travels to the beach in hopes of finding peace. Instead, he encounters his former boss and his arch-nemesis, who are both determined to make his vacation a living hell.
3642 ::: Il Suicidio di Elsa (1978) ::: This is movie about Rome of the late 70's. In the first part of the film, we see the story of Elsa, a 17 years old girl who is from a very wealthy family and who lives in Eur, one of Rome's richest neighborhoods. Elsa is very lucky, beautiful, young and rich but, she is not happy; she is not happy of the lack of values and the hypocrisy the surrounds her and her family members. She is lonely, she has no goals, no reasons to live. In the end of the first part, Elsa commits suicide by using the kitchen gas and putting her head inside the oven. In the beginning of the second part of the film, we are in a completely different location: Nuova, Ostia, one of the worst parts of Rome. Nuova Ostia is a village made of huts where underworld and poorest people live a very miserable life made-up of violence and abuse. Now, we are following the story of a different Elsa; she is also 17 years old, very attractive but definitely unlucky. She is in a very poor and dysfunctional family. Her mother, the other members of her family and everybody who surrounds her victimize Elsa with abuse and violence. She cannot handle all this, she cannot handle the vulgarity and the life she is living in this environment. In the end of the second part, Elsa commits suicide by throwing herself under a train. The judgement on Rome of the late 70's comes out loud and clear; there has to be something very wrong in a society that brings two beautiful and good spirited girls of very different social classes to commit suicide.
3643 ::: Broadway Daddies (1928) ::: Eve, a beautiful young nightclub dancer, turns down a string of wealthy and powerful suitors for Robert, a poor but ambitious young man. What Eve doesn't know is that Robert is the son of a wealthy businessman and is just pretending to be poor to see if she really loves him. However, an item in the society pages gives away Robert's true identity. Complications ensue.
3644 ::: "Codes of Conduct" (2016) ::: The awkward, reluctant and recessive Simon made a great deal of money almost overnight in software development. Against his will and better judgement he finds himself thrust into New York society, where he meets the lovely Esther. She is almost to good to be true. Is she?
3645 ::: Tôkyô Marîgôrudo (2001) ::: Based on a novel by Hayashi Mariko, Tokyo Marigold is the story of a modern relationship in modern Tokyo under modern circumstances. Eriko (Rena Tanaka) has no definite plans, but is definitely single. Tamura (Yukiyoshi Ozawa) is definitely not single, but does have a plan. Why would a girl put up with the plan by an unfaithful man with a girlfriend? That is modern Tokyo standing in for the contemporary world.
3646 ::: Bawa Karma (1998) ::: A continuation of "Bawa Duka"; via Peduru's family, the narrative exposes the social stasis/class discrimination encouraged by the local Sinhalese Buddhist clergy, while the arrival of the Christian missionaries signal a more progressive mindset, though at the cost of conversion to a monotheistic faith. Tyranny is not only practiced by the British colonials, but equally facilitated by local traditional institutions--thus, the resultant suffering (Duka) of Peduru is a combination of the two.
3647 ::: "Family Money" (1996) ::: Frances Pye intervenes in a street fight. During the fight she receives a blow to the head causing memory loss. Due to her amnesia family members try to take advantage of her illness. Will she get wise to their schemes? Will she identify the people from the fight?
3648 ::: Kleisto kykloma (1989) ::: This is the story of divorced couple, of two young people who have a seven -year old daughter. The little girl lives with her mother, and her father lives in the same neighborhood, so that she can visit him often. The father comes up with the idea to install a closed TV- circuit between the two homes, so that his daughter can contact him any time of the day and thus feel less the separation of her parents. The mother permits the installation of the circuit... However, none of the two parents suspect that this new means of communication will ruin their clear cut relationship, since the circuit gives them the possibility to interfere in one another's privet live.
3649 ::: Peak (2011) ::: At night, a convoy of tractor crawlers rattle through the snow to groom the ski slopes. Just under 3000 metres in altitude, excavators dig into the ground using dynamite to build a reservoir for the preparation of artificial snow. Concrete blocks of apartments are springing up everywhere, while elsewhere in the mountains, young people have long since moved away and old people talk about how their hometown no longer has a future. Too many regions in the Alps have become dependent on hopelessly commercialized skiing. In PEAK, Hannes Lang observes the invasion and hostile takeover of the Alps by ski tourism and introduces us to the people affected: winners and losers, enthusiasts, sceptics and lost souls.
3650 ::: Treci pohod (2008) ::: During the war in Bosnia, in the 1990s, the mujaheddin, foreign Islamic soldiers and veterans of the Afganistan war started to arrive to central Bosania under the pretense to provide help to the Bosnian Muslims. However, their true mission was different - to disseminate radical Islam in Bosnia. They were a part of the Islam fundamentalist movement and of an organization that later became known as Al-Qaeda. The mujaheddin took part in the military operations in the Bosnian Muslim Army (Army of BiH). Ten years later, the traces of Al-Qaeda activity lead to the untold story of mujaheddin training camps in central Bosnia and the war crimes they committed which were both denied and trivialized by the international community and the commanders of the UN Peacekeeping Forces. This film shows exclusive video material of the mujaheddin in Bosnia which were later used by the Al-Qaeda for promotion of jihad in the West.
3651 ::: Funny Farm Friends and Me (1992) ::: Funny Farm Friends And Me will delight and entertain children of all ages with a close-up look at very unusual farm animals and features high end big production original sing-a-long music videos peppered throughout. Award winning teacher Cindy - O takes a group of children on a tour of the huge farm that includes the fields, stables and barns full of funny farm animals, ostriches, turtles, chickens, baby deer, pigs, horses, cows, goats and three wacky farm hands all interacting with the children! Hosted by nationally acclaimed children's writer and teacher Cindy Olsen, this program teaches youngsters about the importance of animals to our world. Loaded with original songs, this video will encourage your child to sing along and have fun.
3652 ::: Around the Bend (1986) ::: Up and coming Yuppie family deals with the stress of family life and working in Washington D.C. in overly demanding jobs. Situations. The daughter (O'Rourke) gets into interesting life situations, add to the comedy as the Yuppie parents try to juggle both worlds and multitask their way through life.
3653 ::: Witnessing (2003) ::: In the shadow of the still burning Twin Towers, a photography exhibit becomes a haven. A place to reconcile fears of uncontrollable fate. Tens of thousands come to experience wrenching images of the September 11 catastrophe. Captured by world-class photographers and the average picture taker. It's an art show for everyman. The driving devotion of creators and participants, convinces one anything is possible. For a few precious months, people had reason to rediscover their humanity. Witnessing is a moving revelation.
3654 ::: Midsummer Nightmares (2011) ::: It's always just a party- until somebody gets killed! Audrey Small (Julie Sherwood) and three of her closest friends are preparing to throw a costume party, Midsummer Nightmares, which everyone calls 'the social event of the season. But there is someone in their midsts who would prefer to make this faux-bloodbath a real one. Can Audrey and her friends survive this mad individual's evil plan? Or will they all, one by one, be picked off...?
3655 ::: Western Interior Seaway (????) ::: After a failed familicide, Michael kidnaps his wife Nina and children and takes them on a hunt for dinosaur fossils in Utah's Western Interior Seaway. Isolated and stuck in the desolate landscape, they are forced to face their demons, paralleling their existence to the extinction of the creatures they search for.
3656 ::: I'm a Ballerina Now (1997) ::: "I'm A Ballerina Now" was created to inspire and help children realize their dreams of becoming a dancer. It is a complete ballet class for young beginners. Lyrics are sung to beautiful music which aid the child in remembering the dance exercises and performing them correctly. The young dancer's dream is visualized during each exercise when a real ballerina appears and performs the same steps which the child is working on. This program is also an excellent guide for a dance school for their children. It shows the types of exercises that should be a part of every ballet class.
3657 ::: I Love Zombies (2019) ::: The Reverend, an unscrupulous middle range officer from the Central Government has created a strange scheme, which is why he has set up a suicidal - not to mention clandestine and independent from the Central Government - expedition to the devastated buildings infested with cannibal corpses, which formed what was once known as an important Latin American city. Two intertwined stories result from this, showing this post-apocalyptic world's vicious and cruel character. The first story tell us about Kid, a young man traumatized because of the death of his family to a horde of walking dead. He finds himself in a difficult situation, trying to keep a beautiful young woman alive. She is badly wounded, and might or might not be infected with the virus that turns common people into cannibal corpses. The other story features a skilled zombie hunter whose survival techniques go beyond pragmatism and fully into assassination. This man claims to love zombies and justifies his homicidal behavior by saying: "You always know what to expect from zombies - while with people you just never know".
3658 ::: Through the Blooming Valleys (2016) ::: Ain Leuh welcomes every year the Ahidous Festival for Amazigh or Berber music and dance. It is set to the tempo of songs and dances of these groups, who use their voices and movements to celebrate important life events. Through the flowered valleys from Tsiwant to Ouarzazate via Tounfit, we followed these men and women who, in the symbolic nature of their singular group choreographies, shared with us their Amazigh history through ancestral physical codes.
3659 ::: God aktivnogo solntsa (1982) ::: Set in the Soviet Union in 1982. A beautiful lady, Vera Kolosova, is struggling with her personality change from a delicate woman to a ruthless boss. She stops at nothing to become an exemplary communist and vice-mayor of a Russian city. But her stellar career causes her painful conflicts with family and friends.
3660 ::: Young Widow: Naked in the Memorial Playground (2008) ::: YOUNG WIDOW, Naked in the Memorial Playground is a contemporary look at love and untimely loss in death-phobic Western society. Interviews with Young Widows and Widowers, clips, commentaries and plenty of dark humor reveal the challenges and transitions through loss, grief and renewal. Three years in the making, this Documentary trades Widow's weeds for tattoos, throws out black veils, and invites you to consider death and survival in the vernacular of our times.
3661 ::: "Tales from the Trundle" (2017) ::: Tells the story of a married woman with three small children in Tribeca with a seemingly perfect life on the outside, whilst it's a burning infer on the inside. She gets out of this highly toxic marriage to an addict and turns her life around completely. Based on a true story and a play.
3662 ::: Deep Seeded (2011) ::: While trying to pick up the pieces of their shattered lives as a result of their mother's untimely and unexpected demise, Lauren (Janine Anzalone) and Ashley (Little Italy), find themselves face-to-face with their mother's hidden past and a... current demon named Brad (Kam Lee) who has to wrestle demons of his own while furiously trying to drown out the hateful taunts of a father long dead but still haunting him. In this Revenge thriller, Deep Seeded takes vengeance to an elevated level by showing just how sinister Brad is and how shocking the brutality can be
3663 ::: Eldorado (1995) ::: It's summer and it's hot in Montreal, and we meet many people: Rita, the nice homeless girl, who moves to Roxan's house; Henriette, who falls in love with her neighbour, Lloyd, the sexual-obsessed radio host, and a young couple, Marc and Loulou, whose relationship is in danger because of Loulou's affair with Lloyd, and many more, as the summer becomes hotter and hotter...
3664 ::: Indiana Jones in the Lost Kingdom (1984) ::: Indiana Jones in the Lost Kingdom is an Indiana Jones game that isn't based on a movie. Indy is looking for a lost civilization. He has to solve puzzles and traps left behind to get to the treasure and get out alive. The entire game consists of only six screens all of which have monsters and puzzles guarding the exits. Not only will you have to solve the puzzles but first you must figure out what the puzzles are because no clues were left behind. The game's motto is 'Nobody told Indiana Jones the rules. And no one will tell you'.
3665 ::: Le curé de Saint-Amour (1952) ::: A marchioness wants to marry her niece with a baron;but on the very day of her wedding,the bride escapes with her true love,a commoner.The parish priest helps them ,provided that they sleep apart of course ;but the noble lady learns the truth and ,as she does not want to give her consent,they pretend they have a child ;all people around want to help them,and finally they are given three babies to play the part of the would be fruit of their sin .Even the bishop,who is the noble lady's cousin ,comes to the rescue.
3666 ::: Without (2008) ::: A contemporary married couple and their eight-year-old son are exposed to our observation. The husband, around 35, works as a tax specialist for an import-export firm. His 30-year-old wife looks after their child and their home. The man's impending promotion at work triggers their dreams of social advancement and financial improvement. As their plain everyday life unfolds the characters are denuded to reveal their different needs and desires which render their functioning and communication increasingly hard. The man's inability to meet the escalating demands of his social circle and those of his wife brings tension into their relationship and leads to the culmination of the drama. The unexpected as well as extreme solution given by the heroine leads both the hero and the viewer to redefine reality on the basis of how things look and how they really are.
3667 ::: Krizno obdobje (1981) ::: The film scores particularly as a psychological study of a student dropout. It focuses on Pavle Komel, a young man who shuns even the most elementary relationship with previously close friends and acquaintances. A final attempt to find himself via a return to his childhood roots in a rural area, followed by a brief contact with his estranged father, prove fruitless: in the end Pavle decides to quit his studies altogether at the university.
3668 ::: The Crux (2004) ::: A man is taking a quiet stroll in the still morning air. Walking across a bridge, he is stopped by a stranger who asks him for help, adding that it will just take a moment. The man agrees, instantly finding himself entangled in a life or death relationship with this stranger.
3669 ::: "Forever Green" (1989) ::: Jack Boult, a former rally driver, and his second wife Harriet, who used to be a nurse, move from the bustle of London to start a new life in a cottage in the Somerset countryside, together with Jack's children Freddy and Tom. With the help of Lady Patricia Broughall, a local landowner, and Hilly, a girl who lives in a railway carriage in the woods, they become involved in tackling various environmental issues such as badger-baiting and horse-stealing.
3670 ::: Hurricane Strip (2007) ::: "Hurricane Strip" is a provocative documentary detailing the life changing effects of Hurricane Katrina. Unlike countless other reports, this film centers on the little talked about, though quintessentially New Orleans, lives of Bourbon Street Strippers. Before the storm 21-year-old Jordan worked as a cashier at Ace Hardware while pursuing a degree in law. Hurricane Katrina demolished her home, school, and workplace. It could not destroy her indomitable spirit. Though she had never before considered dancing nude, Jordan turned to stripping, determined to earn enough money to someday get her life back on track. But the more she dances the more she gets caught up in the lifestyle, the late nights and the lure of easy money. Now the question is, when you lose everything, will your life ever be the same again?
3671 ::: The Wax Doll (2016) ::: Yua has remained in vegetative state for 5 years. One day her husband Moosang receives a call from Japanese insurance company. He is informed organs cloning, incubated from Yua's stem cells is completed. When he arrives in Japan with Yua, he recieves a clone looks alike young Yua instead of organs.
3672 ::: Moka (2016) ::: Consumed with grief and a silent rage over the loss of her teenage son who was killed in a hit-and-run, Diane, the devastated mother, takes the ferry across Lake Geneva to the spa town of Évian, in a desperate pursuit of the truth. Once there, the tragic mother armed with a well-concealed handgun and a graphic, yet incomplete description of the offending car will soon suspect that Marlčne, the cryptic middle-aged salon owner, and her boyfriend, Michel, are somehow involved in the irremediable act. However, the path towards justice can be treacherous and serpentine, furthermore, will it make any difference finding the culprit behind the wheel?
3673 ::: The Witch's Daughter (1996) ::: Zelda, a young woman whose husband is lost at sea, and her 12-year-old daughter, Perdita, live off the coast of Scotland on the small island of Skua. The islanders believe Zelda is a witch, but her sister, Annie, says Zelda is just "different." Certain that her husband will never return, Zelda drowns herself. When lobsters, the islanders' main source of trade, suddenly disappear, the people decide that Zelda has put a curse on the sea for taking her husband's life. As a result, the orphaned Perdita is banned from school, taunted by other children, and branded by the community as "the witch's daughter."
3674 ::: A Haunting at the Hoyt Library (2015) ::: For years, the Hoyt Library has made headlines as one of the most haunted locations in the entire Midwest. Finally, a documentary film crew was allowed complete access to investigate the numerous claims of paranormal activity. What they captured on audio and video will leave no room for doubt. Rooted in the heart of downtown Saginaw, the historic Hoyt Library has guarded its citizens' history and lineage for over 125 years. A literal gateway to the past, this stately and opulent landmark houses one of Michigan's largest collections of literature, artifacts, and documents... but according to patrons and staff, it also houses a collection of lost and restless souls. Follow the investigators as they wander through a 40,000 square foot maze of fear and uncertainty, unaware of what awaits around the corner.
3675 ::: Six Million Steps: A Journey Inward (2011) ::: "Six Million Steps" is a documentary film that chronicles the lives of hikers during their adventure on the Pacific Crest Trail, which spans 2,650 miles, the length of the U.S. Pacific coast. From Mexico to Canada, the Pacific Crest Trail winds through three states, seven national parks, 25 national forests, and elevations ranging from sea level to nearly 14,000 feet. Each year, 300-400 "thru-hikers" attempt to hike border to border, and, in doing so, experience pain, hunger, elation, loneliness, regret and fear. They leave behind their everyday lives, their families, their homes, their jobs and their friends to sleep outside with only the items they carry on their backs. But in leaving, they arrive at something greater: Life stripped to its core Life as a journey in the truest sense of the word Life as transformation This is the story of those hikers, what they were looking for, and what they find. 165 days 2,650 miles 6,000,000 steps
3676 ::: Talenttyven (2012) ::: Laura and Mark have been together for 10 years and she has always supported him in his shallow pop-singing career. However, Laura has her talent measured, and it appears she is packed with it! Laura's career takes off while Mark's is dangerously close to the abyss. Mark then discovers that the equipment used for measuring talent can also be used for stealing it. He is now heading towards stardom again - but also serious trouble!
3677 ::: Dark Windows (2009) ::: Wesley Keaton (Vito Trigo, "Mr. Bricks: A Heavy Metal Murder Musical") is an investigative reporter who specializes in reporting on serial killers. Keaton's world is forever changed when one night he and his photographer stumble across one of the most grisly murder scenes of all time. As more stories about serial killers fall into his lap and a reclusive writer requests an audience with him, it becomes clear to Keaton that all these events are connected not by accident, but by design.
3678 ::: Über die Grenze - Fünf Ansichten von Nachbarn (2004) ::: Feature documentary including five episodes in which five directors describe a border situation basing on the new membership of European Union and new relationship to the old member Austria
3679 ::: "Nura: Rise of the Yokai Clan: Demon Capital" (2013) ::: At first glance, Nura Rikuo seems like nothing more than a normal middle-schooler. In actual fact, he is grandson of Nurarihyon, master of a youkai clan. Having only recently resolved the hostilities between the Nura Clan and the Shikoku Yokai, Rikuo finds no rest as an ancient enemy of the Nura Clan, Haguromo-Gitsune, resurfaces. After 400 years of inactivity, Haguromo-Gitsune suddenly sweeps through Kyoto with overwhelming power. Rikuo Nura attends middle school by day and then comes home to a house full of "youkai" demons, being the grandson of Nuraihyon, who is master and leader of youkai clan, also known and feared through out all youkai. Rikuo is 1/4 part youkai (demon) which has caused some issues with a lot of the other youkai clans, one problem is Rikuo can only changes into his youkai self at night and with his grandfather nominating him to be the leader of the clan has really stirred things up. Rikuo lost hid father at a very young age, to only find out he was murdered, and now the culprit is coming for Rikuo, not to mention The Exorcist who are trying to get rid of all youkai, to say he has his hands full would be a understatement, action, comedy and more awaits the viewer.
3680 ::: Sutro's: The Palace at Lands End (2011) ::: A full length documentary film about San Francisco's privately owned swimming, ice skating and museum complex built in the late 19th century. Once the world's largest swimming pool establishment, the building burnt down in 1966. The ruins remain today. Journey back in time to revisit Sutro Baths when it was in full operation. See: The Seven Pools, Sutro Railway, Merry Way, Sutro's Cliff House, Ice Skating Rink, Egyptian Mummy Museum, Tom Thumb Exhibit, Musee Mecanique, Torture Museum, Lord's Last Supper, Ito, Giggling Ghost, 1963 & 1966 Fires, Sutro Ruins, and much, much more. A nostalgic trip back in time told by historians and the people that were there.
3681 ::: Go-Go Girls of the Apocalypse (????) ::: Mortimer Tate rode out the end of the world. Go-Go Girls of the Apocalypse begins , when he emerges into a bizarre landscape filled with hollow reminders of an America that no longer exists. What little civilization remains revolves around Joey Armageddon's Sassy A-Go-Go strip clubs, where the beer is cold, the lap dancers are hot, and the bouncers are armed with M16s. Accompanied by his cowboy sidekick Buffalo Bill, the gorgeous stripper Sheila, and the mountain man Ted, Mortimer journeys to the lost city of Atlanta -- and a showdown that might determine the fate of humanity.
3682 ::: Jin nian xia tian (2001) ::: Two women, Qun and Ling, have a peaceful and loving relationship. But Qun's mother arrive to pay a visit and, not knowing her daughter is a lesbian, tries to arrange boyfriends for her. And Junjun, Ling's former girlfriend, reappears, after having killed her own father, who abused her.
3683 ::: Noah's Ark: New Evidence (2013) ::: Noah's Ark- New Evidence. Nearly everyone has been fixated on Mount Ararat as the location of Noah's Ark. The Bible states the Ark came to rest in the "mountains of Urartu" not "Mount Ararat." Seventeen miles south of the Ararat volcano two-thirds of the way up on another mountain approximately 8000 feet in height is a mass of cohesive convincing evidence that the ark landed there on Mount Mashu. Evidence even includes a 538 foot long impression of the ship's hull. Gilgamesh having visited "Mashur" described this place accurately. Heavy rains in May of 1948 combined with three noteworthy earthquakes exposed the ark impression from the collapsing expansive and loose mud that had entrapped it for nearly 2 thousand years revealing the ark impression standing up out of the terrain. Turkey oddly refuses to let archaeologists excavate to scientifically determine authenticity. You can decide for yourself after reviewing the massive evidence presented in this film.
3684 ::: Stargames (1998) ::: Hunted by an alien tyrant intent on inter-planetary domination, the young prince of a far away space kingdom seeks refuge on Earth. There, he meets Brian, a troubled boy who is more in touch with science fiction than reality. The two of them form a fast friendship and fight for the freedom of the galaxy -- together.
3685 ::: Aesop's Diner (2006) ::: Once upon a time there was a band called The Family Johnson, hyped as "the coolest band in New York City." But sadly, on the eve of its success, the band broke up, due to the lead singer's bad behavior. A year and a half later, former frontman Bugs, in rehab again, seeks to apologize to Shelly, his old friend and former bandmate. But Shelly, whose solo career is now taking off, has little time for Bugs. Aesop's Diner is a heartbreakingly humorous fable of "fast and careless" vs. "slow and steady" set to a stunningly beautiful, upbeat original soundtrack.
3686 ::: Pretendagers (2015) ::: An unmotivated young man unable to find employment pretends to be the manager of a closeout goods store to prevent his parents from throwing him out their house. He thinks he has it all figured out, until his meddling best friend pretends to be the District Manager of the store chain and chaos ensues.
3687 ::: A Drag Spell (2015) ::: 'A Drag Spell' is a short poetic video and a spell of harmony filmed at NYC'S Tompkins Square Park on June's very last Friday, the day of the annual Drag March. hucklefaery; a storyteller, shamanic witch and radical faerie wrote the freestyle verse that accompanies the images taken and edited by EFPN. Music by Buddy Helm.
3688 ::: Hairpins (1920) ::: A young attorney hopes to better his position in the business world by making a favorable impression socially. But his wife, a careless and slovenly woman, presents an obstacle to his hopes. He begins to squire about his secretary, and an affair ensues. His wife, however, decides she can go him one better and embarks on a change in lifestyle.
3689 ::: "It's a Dole Life" (2014) ::: 'It's A Dole Life' follows seven out-of-work Australian's, brought together by their attendance at weekly JobQuest meetings, a welfare requirement. Their outrageous tribulations are laid bare for all to see as they search for security, soul mates, stardom and the odd Stilnox hit.
3690 ::: John Lee Hooker: Come and See About Me (2004) ::: John Lee Hooker: Come And See About Me-The Definitive DVD presents a retrospective of film and video performance clips of the blues master from a span of over three decades beginning with 1960 Newfort Jazz Festival and culminating with an intimate solo performance recorded in the bluesman's home in the '90s. Included in the clips are performances of John Lee Hooker solo, with his band, and with a variety of guest artists including Van Morrison, Carlos Santana, Ry Cooder, John Hammond, Paul Butterfield, The Rolling Stones and Eric Clapton. Many of these performances have never been seen before. John Lee Hooker: Come And See About Me-The Definitive DVD also includes interviews with John, many of the artists he influenced and played with, and his daughter Zakiya Hooker.
3691 ::: The Russian Cowboy (2010) ::: An illegal Russian immigrant struggles to survive in the suburbs of Washington DC. He bumps into a twisted pimp, who runs an escort service, and a small-time drug dealer, both obsessed with samurai movies, but the Russian cowboy soon discovers that money don't grow on trees.
3692 ::: Cast (2012) ::: In the "demi-monde" of night fishing, anglers on a French beach cast their lines. The camera follows their night-long toiling in obscurity, the contrast provided by the limited light sources resembling a scene from a baroque painting. Thus, a relatively ordinary activity takes on an otherworldly aspect, becoming an allegory for contemporary existence as well as for artistic production itself. For me, the situation evokes Miltonian-style scenarios of humans and rebel angels cast out of paradise and the film plays on Biblical fishing-related allusions (several of the apostles were said to be fisherman, and were described as ''Fishers of men'' and Christ was symbolized by a fish). Therefore, on a symbolic level, in the film the fishermen produce a ''divine'' signifier (i.e. the fish) which is subsequently disposed of, presumably leaving them to cast around for alternative significations.
3693 ::: Terror at Black Tree Forest (2010) ::: A young mother is brutally raped and murdered in front of her own child in the woods during the Summer of 1970. Twenty years later a group of college friends head off to the same woods - "Black Tree Forest" to do some hiking and camping. However, Brian Mellows, the young child who was left scarred twenty years ago, has recently escaped from the Vestron Hospital for the Criminally Insane. The young campers out for a fun-filled weekend end up in the fight for their lives as they encounter a mysterious masked Killer who stalks the forest in search of innocent victims. They play a terrifying game of "cat and mouse" with the Killer...until it is time for the last Terror at Black Tree Forest!
3694 ::: The Sixteen Pleasures (????) ::: After the 1966 Floods in Florence Italy, the world converged there to save the antiquities that had been under water. One of those who came was a 26 year old conservator who worked at a small upstate NY Library. Quitting her job to go to Italy to help, she finds a new purpose, and love. An adventure of a lifetime.
3695 ::: "The Save-Ums!" (2003) ::: The Save-Ums live in a fantastical universe made up of deep sea worlds and remote islands. They keep watch over the universe from the headquarters at Save-Ums Central and rescue those in need of help. Working as a team using each other's strengths, the Save-Ums ensure that they get the best results and teach valuable lessons along the way. Join Noodle, Ka-Chung, Jazzi, Foo, Custard, and B.B. Jammies as they save the day. The Save Ums are cute, small and always ready for action. They are tiny superheroes who prove that you don't have to be big to pack a punch. They are always on the lookout for the opportunity to save the day and are dedicated to helping all creatures.
3696 ::: Jawani Ki Jalan (1990) ::: Watch full movie Jawani Ki Jalan online on erosnow.com. Jawani Ki Jalan is a 1990 an Indian hindi film directed by Suresh .The film stars Silk Smitha, Lalitha and Mala in the lead roles. Music of the film was composed by A.T. Ummer and Sonikomi.
3697 ::: Once in a New Moon (1935) ::: When the small town of Shrimpton-on-Sea is dragged out into space by the force of a 'dead star' passing Earth, the populace try to organise a local government based on equal rights for all, but conflicts arise between the local aristocracy and the villagers.
3698 ::: Umareru (2010) ::: Being Born (Umareru) follows an infertile couple, an expecting couple, a couple whose baby lived for only one day, and a couple with a baby who has an incurable disability. It explores what it means to be born or not born, what it means to be alive, and the relationship one has with parents, society, and oneself.
3699 ::: Two Bits (1995) ::: It's a hot summer day in 1933 in South Philly, where 12-year old Gennaro lives with his widowed mom and his ailing grandpa, who sits outside holding tight to his last quarter, which he's promised to Gennaro and which Gennaro would like to have to buy a ticket to the plush new movie theater. But grandpa's not ready to pass on the quarter or pass on to his final reward: he has some unfinished business with a woman from his past, and he enlists Gennaro to act as his emissary.
3700 ::: "Lets Fly Documentary" (2013) ::: Ever wonder what makes an aircraft or helicopter fly? Watch this fascinating documentary and let your career take-off! What really happens in the cockpit? How does one go about being a pilot? Lets Fly Documentary brings you the stone cold facts with a sprinkles of something special. Prepare to be entertained and learn a thing or two about the life of a pilot.
3701 ::: L'enfant prodige (2010) ::: On the keyboard, the young hands fly rapidly and the melody rises. For the child, nothing is easier; he hears the sounds in his head. These hands belong to 6 years old André Mathieu. He won his audiences and fired up concerts halls in London, New York, Paris and around the world. Adulated, hailed, praised, the child prodigy seemed to have everything to succeed. From the top of his vertiginous successes, to depths of torment, the life of the "Little Canadian Mozart" blends into his music. A romantic and passionate composer wishing for happiness, his story is nevertheless played on tragic notes.
3702 ::: Joe and Ethel Turp Call on the President (1939) ::: Brooklyn residents Joe Turp ('William Gargan' (qv)) and his wife, Ethel ('Ann Sothern' (qv)), travel to Washington D. C. to call on the US President ('Lewis Stone (I)' (qv))to make a pleas on the behalf of their mailman, Jim ('Walter Brennan' (qv)), is who about to be sacked for illegally opening and destroying a letter.
3703 ::: Mondo balordo (1964) ::: Shocking images from around the world. The sketches are: Strange characters' gallery, a dwarf singer, bodybuilders, English women in a gymnasium, desert Bedouins, election of a Miss Pullover, Hong Kong nightclub, Japanese photo-models for rent and photo magazines, elephant hunting, an exorcism in India, compulsive smokers, a coca plantation, Chinese houses, the rain miracle, Jehovah Witnesses, the Berlin Wall, the Napoles Wall, smugglers, compulsive lottery players, an eye deficiency, the last of the Valentino clones, southerners' needs, via Margutta in Rome, luxury pet dogs, similarities between animals, Arab hair-stylists, American natives, a marriage of American natives, macumba session and choir, Romeo and Juliet in Borneo, Jamaican home, a marriage of convenience, Chinese district, German beer-house, mad people, the Marlene cult, Berlin nightclub, Luna Park attractions, a camping for foreign ladies, London by night, clandestine affairs in Rimini, a fake woman tourist, Sicilian men in Copenhaguen, football hooligans, the return of the Italians, the rice epidemic in Tanganica.
3704 ::: Military Miracles (2008) ::: Military Miracles (the pilot) tells the stories of three Marines from the 1st Battalion, 5th Marine regiment during the first weeks of Operation Iraqi Freedom. As they enter Iraq and their regiment fights through the desert and into Baghdad, they experience a number of inexplicable events which can only be described as miracles. This program tells their stories and how these miracles changed their lives.
3705 ::: Yandere School (2017) ::: A first person role playing game. Played as a yandere schoolgirl falls in love with a male student and is too shy to confess her feelings to him. A new girl classmate and an exchange student have their eyes for her loved one. She must follow quests and tasks, find clues and objects and fight for her love eliminating the competition.
3706 ::: Skin Deep (1978) ::: In small-town New Zealand, the gung-ho town council decides that what the town needs to put it on the map is a massage parlour. To this end they bring masseuse, Sandra to town. Her presence in such a conservative village stirs up emotions not normally expressed in rural New Zealand.
3707 ::: The Coffee Man (2016) ::: THE COFFEE MAN follows Sasa from Ethiopia, the birthplace of coffee to Seattle, Washington (USA), the home of the specialty coffee movement and host of the World Barista Championship. From humble beginnings in war-torn Yugoslavia to his adopted home in Australia, Sasa Sestic's journey to the 2015 World Barista Championships is a long one. But his dedication and pursuit of excellence carries him through as do his family, his staff, coffee growers and roasters and the vendors who travel with him on this remarkable journey. THE COFFEE MAN is an intensely personal, observational documentary that will have you biting your nails, standing up and cheering; and wishing that you, too, could experience Sasa's Holy Grail: the perfect cup of coffee.
3708 ::: The Balloon Tree (1970) ::: Tommy, an 11-year-old boy from the country, comes to Manhattan to visit his aunt, who owns a many antiques. Tommy,attracted to a Chinese boat made of carved ivory with a dragon head for a prow, sticks his finger in the dragon's mouth but cannot remove it. Fearing his aunt will be furious, he flees her apartment and wanders the streets of Manhattan with the antique stuck to his finger. Eventually, he ends up in Central Park where he meets a young girl (perhaps his first love) under a tree festooned with balloons. At the end of the day he returns to his aunt's building, worn and disheveled but with the antique still intact. The film closes with a surprise.
3709 ::: Behind the Rain: The Story of a Museum (2003) ::: "Behind the Rain," the story of the Sam Noble Oklahoma Museum of Natural History, looks back over a century, detailing the atrocious conditions in which Oklahoma's priceless collections were housed and the struggle the people of the state endured as they sought to raise funds for a new museum.
3710 ::: Russian Season: Towards New Shores (1989) ::: Documentary on Russian composer Mussorgsky, filmed in the Soviet Union on the 150th anniversary of the his birth. Yevgenny Nesterenko of the Bolshoi Theatre and conductor David Lloyd-Jones uncover the details of Mussorgsky's life and works.
3711 ::: COPD: Highly Illogical - Remembering Leonard Nimoy (2017) ::: On February 27, 2015, one of the most respected and beloved legendary icons Leonard Nimoy passed away from complications arising from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. "Remembering Leonard" is an intimate journey into his life, legacy and his personal battle with COPD.
3712 ::: Viva Laldjérie (2004) ::: This movie portrays three women living in today's Algeria between modern society and Islamic fundamentalism, self-determination and dependence. Goucem, a young woman who works for a photographer and mistress of a rich doctor, her mother Papicha, a former cabaret star, and her best friend Fifi, a prostitute, all live in a hotel in the city center of Algiers. Their difficult personal situation and the growing influence of Islam lead to dramatic consequences...
3713 ::: No Visitors (1961) ::: This promotional short film advertising the upcoming action film _The Guns of Navarone (1961)_ (qv) includes much behind-the-scenes footage of its filming on the Greek island of Rhodes. Usually movie sets are closed to outsiders, so it is rare to get a glimpse of the activity behind the camera. But when the stars came to Rhodes, the entire island became one huge motion picture set, making it impossible to keep people out. The people of Rhodes were curious, as most had probably never seen a film company in action before. When the American Sixth Fleet dropped anchor at Rhodes, U.S. sailors also visited the set and some had their hats signed by Gia Scala. During the Easter holiday, the Greek prime minister came to visit and to participate in the traditional festivities, joined by the film's stars. Probably the most unusual visitors ever to a movie production set were members of the Greek royal family including the King, Queen and princesses, and also the former King and Queen of Romania. Perhaps the orphan boys who live on Rhodes will best remember the visit by the film crew to the island -- many scenes were shot near the orphanage, and the boys were daily visitors to the locations. Finally, the stars gave a farewell party for the friends they had made, to note the time when the "no visitors" sign was taken down for "The Guns of Navarone".
3714 ::: Ei8ht Shani (2006) ::: London-based Rai family consists of Suraj, his wife, Radha, and two children, a boy and a girl named Neetu, as well as Suraj's younger brother Raj. When Suraj's son passes away, he gets very depressed, takes to alcohol, and gets intimate with a young woman named Kamini, who is an ardent worshiper of Lord Shani (Saturn), and he promises to marry her. When he decides that he likes Radha and Neetu more, he decides to break up with Kamini, who does not take it too well, and kills herself. Suraj returns to his family and does not tell anyone about this incident. Then strange things start occurring in the household, and Suraj blames these on Raj. But this only worsens the situation, and the family, including Raj's voluptuous girlfriend, Sapna, re-locate to Balwant's house. This is where they will find out that the vengeful spirit of Kamini has entrapped them, and they are all to suffer violent deaths - especially on dates that total to eight in combination with Saturday.
3715 ::: "The Sex Education Show" (2008) ::: A frank look at pregnancy and different experiences of gay men in the Jewish community. And more results from the Great British Sex Survey reveal how many people have had anal sex, and in which part of the country is dressing up to explore a sexual fantasy most popular.
3716 ::: Bad Building (2015) ::: The Desmond - the building's pleasant sounding name hides a troubled past. The high rise has a long history of fires, murders, madness and even colonial era genocide upon the site. The towering building has stood empty for the better part of a century and even squatters dare not enter it's fortress like walls. But now Johnny Craig, the host of the popular TV paranormal investigation show 'America's Most Haunted' is planning to do a prime-time special from inside The Desmond. With no known way in, or out, Craig has contacted a group of urban explorers to help him and his film crew enter the building. But when Craig and his team set foot inside The Desmond the events that caused the building to be abandoned in the first place begin to repeat.
3717 ::: Toscanini in His Own Words (2009) ::: This film is a docufiction on the great Toscanini directed by well-known filmmaker Larry Weinstein; who pushes the boundaries of conventional documentary storytelling by borrowing tools from fiction films; including dramatic reconstructions and historical cinematic stylings.
3718 ::: Shoot My Life (2007) ::: No one - but no one - wants to be a reality TV star more than Kim. But she has one road block to her dream of winning "Shoot My Life" -- her bubble-bursting house mates who refuse to take part in her video submission, forcing Kim to turn fact into fiction. No one - but no one - wants to be a reality TV star more than Kim. But she has one road block to her dream of winning "Shoot My Life" -- her bubble-bursting house mates who refuse to take part in her video submission, forcing Kim to turn fact into fiction.
3719 ::: Kwaheri: Vanishing Africa (1964) ::: "Documentary" about an expedition through darkest Africa in search of a jungle medicine man who performs bizarre (and illegal) skull surgeries. Along the way there is much footage of various animals being butchered, natives with gross birth defects and primitive local rituals.
3720 ::: I Want to Marry Ryan Banks (2004) ::: Sexy Ryan Banks becomes a Hollywood star overnight when he's asked to act at a party and convinces his best friend Todd Doherty to become his exclusive manager. When his career goes down hill after a failed movie, the firms boss gives Todd three months to turn the tide. Todd gets a TV station to stage a six weeks reality dating show to pick -with input from the viewers- bachelor Ryan's bride from 15 preselected candidates -all handpicked to improve Ryan's image- who cohabit with him in a fairy-tale mansion. Charlie Norton from Boston was entered by her sister and only accepts at Ryan's personal insistence, and soon proves both his and the audience's favorite. The takes for the show are a surreal experience; Todd constantly coaches Ryan trough a miniature earpiece. However Charlie spontaneously feels for Todd and finds out he's the one who thinks up all Ryan's good answers; he is torn between his professional loyalty and personal emotions, so she decides to repulse Ryan on the show, but that gets edited so the audience won't notice. She makes the final, refuses to stay on the show, and gets Todd (not really) 'fired' when Ryan learns the truth- he finally points out his entire life has been sidelined for Ryans career; the studio threatens to sue Charlie for contract-breach. In the final Ryan still chooses Charlie on air over a fellow Thespian, or rather ...
3721 ::: Macbeth (1961) ::: The Scottish lord Macbeth, chooses evil as the way to fulfill his ambition for power. He commits regicide to become king and then furthers his moral descent with a reign of murderous terror to stay in power, eventually plunging the country into civil war. In the end, he loses everything that gives meaning and purpose to his life before losing his life itself.
3722 ::: The Last of the River People (2009) ::: The tiny village of Finn Slough clings to the bank of the Fraser River in the City of Richmond, British Columbia, part of greater Vancouver. Settled over a hundred years ago by Finnish fishermen and their families, only a few fishermen remain, but somehow, Finn Slough has survived, its residents determined to protect and preserve their unique lifestyle of homes on stilts, in the midst of nature in the tidal area close to the mouth of the Fraser River, once a prime fishing ground for salmon. Finn Slough's residents are now a colorful collection of eccentrics and artists, each with a story to tell of struggle to maintain a dream in the face of ever-threatening urban development. Without title to the land on which their homes sit, the river people of Finn Slough find themselves at the mercy of the whimsical currents of competing jurisdictions and economic interests.
3723 ::: Nasty Nasty (2003) ::: Jason owes the mob $50,000 in gamblind debts and has one day to pay it back, or hitman Ballsy will whack him. He discovers a long-lost identical twin and decides to switch places with him in the hopes that Ballsy will get them mixed up and kill his brother instead.
3724 ::: Two Guys Go Hunting (2001) ::: Comical TV program made to look like a documentary? A cynical joke played on the media? Serious commentary on the transient nature of friendship? - Whatever it is, the two protagonists and their accomplice (the cameraman / director) keep the story moving. Starting fast-paced and ending solemnly, quirky things never stop happening. An alarm wails (literally) when a married man's hidden affair is found out by his wife.
3725 ::: The Spirit of the Mask (1992) ::: This documentary gives a rare view into the powerful, unusual masks of the Pacific Northwest coast native peoples. Host Wade Davis (author- "The Serpent and the Rainbow") takes us on an unusual journey into the mystical world of demons and dragons which are embodied in these masks.
3726 ::: The Reservation (2017) ::: Insanity takes hold of an expedition of four as they cross over into an Indian reservation, where they find a mysterious and priceless Indian artifact. Their greed quickly takes control of them, as they try to take the artifact off the reservation.
3727 ::: The Seawall Mural (1998) ::: On the seawall towering over the harbour in Ramsgate, an old terraced town situated on the English Channel, the artist imagines an enormous mural that will change with the seasons. This resource will be available to all British artists.
3728 ::: The Blinding Trail (1919) ::: Flighty Helen Halverson decides that she wants to marry Big Jim McKenzie, the boss of the logging camp her father owns, after he is temporarily blinded after he crashes his toboggan into a tree in order to avoid hitting Helen. She convinces her cousin Adele--who is actually also in love with Jim--to get him to propose. Jim's sight returns and he and Helen marry, but on the day their child is to be born, he goes blind again. Frustrated by being married to a blind man, Helen falls in love with his assistant Jean Du Bray. Complications ensue.
3729 ::: Audacity (2015) ::: From Living Waters, creators of the award-winning TV program "The Way of the Master" and the hit movies "180" and "Evolution vs. God," comes the powerful film "Audacity." Executive produced by TV co-host and best-selling author Ray Comfort (Hell's Best Kept Secret, Scientific Facts in the Bible), this film delivers an unexpected, eye-opening look at the controversial topic of homosexuality. Peter (Travis Owens) is an aspiring comedian encouraged by his friend Ben (Ben Price, Australia's Got Talent finalist) to perform at the local comedy club. But stage fright isn't Peter's only fear. When confronted with one of today's most divisive issues, he feels compelled to speak, but can he? Challenged by his coworker Diana (Molly Ritter) to defend his convictions about homosexuality and gay marriage, will he have the courage to stand for what he believes-even at the risk of losing a friendship? And how will he respond when faced with a harrowing life-or-death experience?
3730 ::: ABC da Greve (1990) ::: A detailed look at the events that led to the continuous strikes that shut down many factories during the still repressive days of the military regime. The workers union, led by syndicalist Lula, demanded better work conditions and better payments, fighting not only against their exploitative bosses but also the political establishment of the time. Crowds were gathered, protests and marches were planned, constantly followed by the police but the workers bond and strategy was so strong and efficient that everything turned out in their favor, with peaceful movements and no casualties on both sides.
3731 ::: Akalpith (2014) ::: A Man is accused of three murders but in the interrogations he says that he doesn't remember the day's events and hence is considered to be insane. So he is to be transferred to Bhopal psychological research department. Just 14. Hrs before the transport to Bhopal he says he has started to remember the events of that day. An urgent special midnight Jury is arranged to record the statement and he is taken there. He is recording his statement and what he remembers, but the problem starts when he remembers that he was present on the place of murders but didn't kill the people. Now he only has 4 hrs to prove to the jury that he is innocent. What happens next is the movie.
3732 ::: Costumes: Optional - Ropes: Required (2011) ::: A bevy of beautiful costume-clad babes are roped, gagged and placed in restrictive. The victims include a pair of Christmas elves, a busty snow bunny, a cute cowgirl, a hot hula girl and a party-bound chambermaid. The unfortunate captives writhe helplessly, unable to prevent intruders from carrying out their evil schemes.
3733 ::: Bridge Over the Wadi (2006) ::: For the first time in Israel, a group of Arab and Jewish parents decide to establish a conjoint bi-national, bi-lingual school inside an Arab village. The film follows the school's first year and portrays through the personal stories of its characters, how complicated and fragile is the attempt to create an environment of co-existence against the backdrop of the complicated reality around.
3734 ::: "The Ginger Tree" (1989) ::: In 1903, a young Scotswoman goes to join her diplomat fiancé in Manchuria. She marries him, and finds herself in a war zone. Disenchanted with her husband, she falls in love with a married Japanese nobleman, Count Kentaro Kurihama, and bears him a son. She carves out a life for herself in Japanese society, despite the hardships and ostracism she faces as both a Westerner and a woman.
3735 ::: The Third Eye - Stranger's Quest (2018) ::: Stranger's final confrontation against Horsemen of the Apocalypse and continuing pursuit of the Fountain of Youth, resulting in new discovery of origin between Latter Day Saints and Golden Plates; ending in crossfire between two Third Eyes.
3736 ::: Dans tes bras (2009) ::: Adopted when he was young, Louis has a fight with his parents and looks for his birth mother. When the son she gave up suddenly appears, Solange denies him and Louis falls into despair. The film follows an adopted adolescent boy seeking his identity.
3737 ::: Crucifix Wizard (2008) ::: Vincent, a war hero with a haunted past, is driven to gun running, after a government conspiracy gone awry, kills his sister, and leaves him with nothing left in this world, but a crucifix, and the haunted vision of her ghost. When a passenger train, with Vincent's weapons shipment on board, explodes, Vincent suffers a concussion: because he held the bomb detonator, he may or may not have pushed the button. Wounded by confusion and guilt, Vincent flees into a forest, chased by friends, foes, and the skeletons of his past, desperately hoping to discern whether he is a victim of his own dark side, or if he has been pushed into a coupe de grace of destiny, by a murderous maniac with a parasitic hold over the key to his past, and the secret behind the crucifix, forever worn around his neck.
3738 ::: Nearest and Dearest (1972) ::: On their father's death, Eli and Nellie Pledge inherit a pickle factory in Colne, in the north of England. The warring siblings struggle to keep the decrepit "Pledge's Purer Pickles" afloat, hampered by severe lack of funds, zero business acumen and by having inherited a workforce that is a decade beyond retirement age. While Nellie works hard to keep the business going, Eli prefers to indulge in the delights of beer, cigarettes, gambling and women.The annual Summer holiday is soon upon them and the entire factory is closed down. Nellie takes Eli to a Blackpool boarding house run by landlady Mrs. Rowbottom, whose eyes light upon bachelor Eli. Eli though, only has eyes for the younger Freda. Complications ensue when Eli, Nellie, Mrs. Rowbottom and Freda all try to gain control of the factory, causing ensuing farcical mishaps. Eli's attempts to further his financial ambitions by marrying off Nellie to a colleague in the pickling business are challenged when Vernon Smallpiece is snatched from the altar by bailiffs for non-payment of his debts.
3739 ::: Also Ran (2006) ::: What if your local football team was celebrating its Super Bowl victory when the referee burst in to announce that a small percentage of the spectators were unhappy with the outcome and so the game would have to be played again? That's what it felt like to Paul Mariano when he learned that 12% of the California electorate could undue the results of a legitimate governor's election, and force a special recall vote. Also Ran examines the bizarre world of the 2003 California Governor recall election; an election that was unprecedented in California history, and soon became a circus, with a list of 135 candidates that included a porn actress, an Austrian bodybuilder and-oh, yes, Paul Mariano. As a public defender for 26 years, Paul was used to uphill battles. He had made a career out of fighting for due process and defending the little guy. To him, the recall was fundamentally unfair and favored big moneyed interests. Paul thought: "That's just not right!" So Paul did the only thing he could: He ran for governor as Davis' surrogate. He promised that, if elected, his first act would be to appoint Davis as chief-of-staff responsible for the daily governance of California. Also Ran is a documentary that follows Paul as he launches his candidacy, fights to be heard above the din of Arnold Schwarzenegger's cacophonous campaign, and tries to make Gray Davis realize that his only hope for remaining in office lies with the quixotic candidate from Contra Costa County. Using interviews, graphics and animation, Also Ran offers a vivid and insightful look at the populist origins of the recall process and the way in which moneyed interests co-opted that process and turned its populist purpose on its head. Also Ran is both a serious and whimsical look at the hijacking of democracy and one man's effort to take it back. Also Ran examines the bizarre world of the 2003 California Governor recall election; an unprecedented election in California history that soon became a circus, with a list of 135 candidates that included a porn actress, an 80's child star, an Austrian bodybuilder and-oh, yes, Paul Mariano. As a public defender for 26 years, Paul was used to uphill battles. He had made a career out of fighting for due process and defending the little guy. To him, the recall election was unfair and was structured to favor big moneyed interests. Paul thought: "That's just not right!" So Paul did the only thing he could: He ran for governor as Davis' surrogate. He promised that, if elected, his first act would be to appoint Davis as chief-of-staff responsible for the daily governance of California. Also Ran is a documentary that follows Paul as he launches his candidacy, fights to be heard above the fray, and tries to make Gray Davis realize that his only hope for remaining in office lies with the quixotic lawyer from Contra Costa County. Using interviews, graphics and animation, Also Ran offers a vivid and insightful look at the populist origins of the recall process and the way in which moneyed interests co-opted that process and turned its populist purpose inside out. Also Ran is both a serious and whimsical look at the hijacking of democracy and one man's effort to take it back.
3740 ::: Trance (1998) ::: As with Almereyda's previous films, this one deals with a gothic subject in a modern context. Lushly filmed it concerns an alcoholic womans return to her Irish roots, only to turn into a film about a woman whose soul is desired by a 1000 year old witch.
3741 ::: Yoshi's New Island (2014) ::: Picking up directly where Super Mario World 2 Yoshi's Island left off, After Baby Mario & Baby Luigi arrive at their destination, the Stork discovers he delivered the babies to the wrong parents and as the Stork attempts to deliver the babies to the right parents, Baby Mario and Baby Luigi are once again separated when Kamek again ambushes the Stork. As Luigi is kidnapped Baby Mario lands on a new Island filled with Yoshi's and they must once again go through several areas to rescue Baby Luigi and save Yoshi's New Island from the evil Baby Bowser.
3742 ::: Exodus with Joe Boyd (2016) ::: Deep within each of us is a desire to be free. This is the story of Exodus. Rebel Storyteller Joe Boyd explores this ancient narrative in a one-man show that utilizes his unique balance of laugh-out-loud comedy, sincere drama and historical insights crafted over decades of stage experience and study of the text.
3743 ::: De espaldas al mar (2009) ::: Through the lives of three different women, a waitress, a teenager and a the mentally handicap sister of a building maintenance supervisor, Escalona makes a special collage, which combines topics such as abortion, sexual abuse, friendship, death or relationships, with loneliness as a backdrop. Not surprisingly, the director tags his film as "hard and uncomfortable" .
3744 ::: Ticket to Write: The Golden Age of Rock Music Journalism (2016) ::: Ticket to Write : The Golden Age of Rock Music Journalism features interviews with music journalists , as well as musicians , who give the viewer an inside account and their own unique view of the rock music landscape , circa 1966 - 1981 .
3745 ::: Forever Yours (2011) ::: Two intertwining stories of a group of people dealing with their loved ones being attacked by zombies. One won't accept the loss, while the other seeks revenge on every undead creature she can hunt. Josh plans to propose to his girlfriend, Kate. His plans go off track and even further from what he planned when they encounter a group of survivors from a zombie attack. They soon find themselves held in siege in a basement surrounded by a horde of zombies. While this is happening, Patti must witness her boyfriend and roommates killed by the undead. Patti arms herself with a machete and goes on the hunt for revenge against every creature she can find. Flashbacks give light to how her life and the lives of those she lost were interrupted. And her path becomes laid out in blood.
3746 ::: "Fire" (1995) ::: The series starts with new female recruit Morgan Cartwright (Georgie Parker) joining the ranks of South East Fire station in Brisbane. Morgan has to face prejudices in the male dominated profession, mainly from the icy platoon sergeant "Spit". Other characters include The Boss (Peter Phelps), Grievous, Banjo (Aaron Jeffrey), Dinosaur, Repo (Andy Anderson) and Giraffe. The local arson squad also play a very prominent part from the beginning of season 1. Detective Sergeant Jean Diamond (Liddy Clark) has been investigating a series of fires for over a year, which she believes to actually be the work of a firefighter. Knowing that Morgan has just joined South East, Jean approaches Morgan and puts her theory to her. She asks that Morgan will be her "eyes and ears" in the fire station. This makes life complicated for Morgan. Ultimately, Detective Diamond's theory is proved correct. It is revealed that one of the firefighters from South East has been lighting fires. Season 1 was made with the cooperation of the Queensland Fire Service and their appliances were used during filming as well as their logos. The two main appliances used at South East were an International ACCO Teleboom and a Firepac appliance.
3747 ::: Kosher Valley (1998) ::: What do you get when you cross a rabbi, a Mormon, and a group of cattle ranchers? Kosher Valley, a contemporary parable about the American Dream. This documentary depicts the unlikely business relationship between a community of Southern Colorado ranchers and a rabbi from Baltimore. Bonded by beef, the ranchers and the rabbi hire a slick Mormon business manager to help launch a kosher slaughterhouse and co-op. Initially this arrangement appears to be a match made in heaven-but major problems soon arise and director Chuck Davis's unobtrusive camera captures the dramatic real-life scenarios as they rapidly unravel. Examining everything from American economics to kosher philosophy, Kosher Valley is an unusually funny and universally relevant commentary on the possibilities of partnership.
3748 ::: Kymatica (2009) ::: We may be quick to blame secret organizations, greedy corporations and corrupt politicians for the state of the environment and economy. The harsh truth is that the world is in its current state because humanity, as a world-wide population, is evolving and taking the world with it. We all now stand at the precipice of the greatest disaster mankind has ever known or it can be a great moment of mass awakening. From the legends of ancient shamanic tribes through the annals of organized religion, subtle clues of our salvation have been left for us to discover. Quantum science and metaphysics are confirming what these ancients knew all along, and these secrets to mankind's salvation are just beginning to be revealed. Will you make the tough choice to make personal changes for the benefit of all or allow the collective end of mankind to pass with a faint whimper?
3749 ::: Aphrodisiac!: The Sexual Secret of Marijuana (1971) ::: A film examining the use of marijuana by young people in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Included are interviews with people who regularly use marijuana and testify to its beneficial effects as an aphrodisiac (hence the hardcore footage) and scenes of nude encounter groups, instructions for making marijuana brownies, soldiers in Vietnam smoking marijuana, etc.
3750 ::: Mother: (????) ::: The African American drag families of New Orleans (Galliano, Dupree, Sinclair and Davenport) are a network of gay men who create alternative families when biological families refuse to accept them. This documentary follows transgender bounce rap superstar Katey Red into the competitive world of pageants.
3751 ::: "Bayou City" (2019) ::: Lawrence(LaMarcus Tinker)has reached his pivotal point in life where nothing seems to really matter but his million dollar record label company. Meanwhile,Kate, his wife(Tonyai Palmer) is emotionally battling with a tragedy that has transpired in their life, that she refuses to grieve over. Jordan(Darrel Bryant) the son, who has great potential, yet with a lack of support becomes discouraged. Stacey(Lakeisha Grant) continues to provide support but meddles in Kate personal Affairs. Elsewhere, Lawrence friend Calvin(Sean Johnson) a partner and long term friend, strives to keep the company afloat.
3752 ::: The Scar (2001) ::: Like many women who were active during the miner's strike, it is May Murton who has been left to clean up the mess. The failure of her marriage and the disintegration of her community have shattered both her personal and political beliefs. Her teenage children, Dale and Becky, are increasingly out of control, and her estranged husband Tony has flown the nest to take up residence in the allotments perched high above the town. Tony views the town from above, realizing what has been lost, but, like many former miners, stripped of the capacity to re-engage with a society which has treated him so cruelly. May attends a reunion of women activists. It is the night before the Miners' Gala and they are going to let their hair down at the local rock 'n' roll dance. Also heading for the same venue is Roy Cotton, the recently arrived manager of an open cast coal mine which the 'free enterprise' culture has fostered as a replacement for the traditional mining communities. Although he is from a mining background himself, at 17 he 'got on his bike' and has never looked back. In political and cultural terms, Roy is regarded as the 'enemy'. When he asks May to dance, he is unaware of the effect it will have on both of their lives. Roy does not understand what he is getting himself into. For May, the conflict he engenders proves to be the catalyst to rekindle her lost belief. The Scar has its roots in work done during the 1984 miners' strike. Amber worked with women's support groups in the region, one of which was in Easington, County Durham. In 1994 Amber produced, in conjunction with a community services project, the video, It's the Pits, examining the problems of young people in the East Durham pit villages in the aftermath of the closure of the industry in that area. One of these villages was Easington. Links with the women's group from 10 years earlier were re-established, and a process of examining the experience of that community in the intervening period, as well as the tensions in families, the perceived alienation of the young, and the economic consequences on families of industrial decline. This formed the starting point for the script of The Scar. At all stages the local people were involved. They shared their experiences and discussed the script with Amber. Some were employed during production as set decorators and technical assistants, and groups were brought in for consultation during the editing process. The film was the first in what became Amber's coalfield trilogy. Like Father (2001) explores male experience in the aftermath of pit closure; Shooting Magpies (2005) looks at the post-industrial generation and the impacts of heroin in the colliery villages of East Durham.
3753 ::: Jose, 1823 (????) ::: February 1824. Jose de San Martin, General in Chief of the liberating armies of Argentina, Chile and Peru, leave his country heading to Europe, to never return back to their homeland. Spanish troops remain in Latin America and is feared sending powerful reinforcements, while the nascent local governments fall in intrigues and infighting. But the General leaves. "Jose, 1823" is a vigorous historical fiction about the last year of San Martin in America A turning point in the life of a man faced with the power, with his own ghosts and his destiny.
3754 ::: The Last Nazi (1981) ::: Canadian reporter Patrick Watson interviews Albert Speer. Albert Speer was Adolf Hitler's architect and Minister of War Armaments. In this documentary, Speer responds to questions about his 20-year jail sentence for war crimes, his inclusion in Hitler's circle, his early years, and his memoirs.
3755 ::: 2BR02B (????) ::: In the 2160's United States, where aging and disease have been cured and the population of 40 million people is strictly controlled, Elizabeth and Edward Wehling must decide who will volunteer to die so that their unborn triplets will be allowed to survive.
3756 ::: Circus (2010/II) ::: A ringleader with a fervent desire to capture the key to happiness creates an enchanted board game featuring his circus. He presents the game to two brothers who decide to test its effect on their older sister Sarah. Against her wishes, Sarah gets manipulated by the ringleader's game.
3757 ::: Derby in Black (2007) ::: Derby in Black is an American sports history snapshot that examines the numerous and significant contributions Black Americans made to the horse racing industry from the late 1800s to present. This insightful documentary examines the overall impact the early Black jockeys had on the sport and society when they became consistent champions of the annual Kentucky Derby, the most famous horse race in the world. Derby in Black candidly discusses how and why the involvement of Black jockeys, Black trainers and Black owners have gradually decreased in the sport over the past several decades with some of horse racing's top participants, including today's only Black jockey to have ridden in the Kentucky Derby in nearly 80 years. Derby in Black takes an informative glimpse into this fascinating slice of American sports.
3758 ::: "The ParaUnormals Project" (2016) ::: A Group of extraordinary girls brought together for one reason to solve the unknown. From apparitions to poltergeist, from aliens to unsolved mysteries and cold cases the ParaUnormals come to together each adding their own set of unique abilities and skills to help investigate a wide spectrum of the supernatural and paranormal world. Each investigation is risky and with no certainty of coming out unchanged, possessed, insane or even alive they all put their lives and sanity on the line to expose the truth! These femme fatals of the paranormal and supernatural world struggle each day to keep their real and "Unormal" worlds and alter egos separate. When not investigating each of the ParaUnormals has their own separate and personal lives with all the same dramas and highs and lows we all face with our kids, our work and our lovers but when the darkness of the night has begun to peak their ParaUnormal alter egos come out to solve the mysteries of the unknown.
3759 ::: "Romper Room" (1963/II) ::: Romper Room was a preschool children's program created by Bert and Nancy Claster in the USA (1953), which they later franchised in Australia (1963), Canada (1970), Japan (1963), Puerto Rico (1971), New Zealand (1975) and the United Kingdom (1963). Produced in Australia by Freemantle International with the second production at QTQ-9 Brisbane in October 1963, hosted by Patrica Godfrey (first produced at ATN-7 Sydney February 1963). Later produced by ATV-0 in Melbourne (1964), SAS-10 in Adelaide (1965), TVW7 in Perth (1966), NBN-3 Newcastle (1967). By 1974 it was to expensive for Freemantle International to continue to produce so many version. The ATN-7 version Sydney became the national Romper Room with Patricia Godfrey from the Brisbane Romper Room taking over from Susan Jamieson. Helena Bailey took over from Patricia Godfrey in 1979. Megan Sjoquist took over from Helena Bailey in 1987 and continued on as hostess until the show was axed in 1988.
3760 ::: Balangiga: Howling Wilderness (2017) ::: 1901, Balangiga. Eight-year-old Kulas flees town with his grandfather and their carabao to escape General Smith's Kill and Burn order. He finds a toddler amid a sea of corpses and together, the two boys struggle to survive the American occupation.
3761 ::: Ses (1986) ::: Being released from prison, a traumatized political prisoner retreats to a fishing village. Here, among the vacationers, he hears a voice which he immediately identifies as the voice of one of the policemen whom he never saw the faces of, and who tortured him.
3762 ::: Redemption (2004/I) ::: Five strangers arrive at a bus terminal, each carrying a dark secret. Unresolved issues including crimes of passion, greed and murder haunt them. Assisted by an obscure and stoic Trailways clerk whose behavior vacillates between guardian angel and arc angel, the characters learn to right past wrongs, fulfill their appointed destiny and claim Redemption.
3763 ::: The Same Side of Rejection Street (2000) ::: What's it about? It's about two complete strangers one vagrant, one middle class who realize they're both social outcasts, and discover in each other a kind of personal redemption. Imagine two people who should really just pass each other in the street and not look back. She's a reformed telemarketer with self-esteem problems. He's an eloquent crazy man with a mysterious past. She's looking for a job. He isn't. She has a place to live. He doesn't. She has deep conflicts with her parents. he's never met his. She's white. He's black. Why are they reaching out to each other? Maybe what draws them together is that they are both, in their own ways, abandoned. They seem to find a purpose for each other. and together they go on a day's journey through the city, their lives, their beliefs, sorrows and fears. They even begin to trust each other a little. At the same time, we wonder where he's leading her. She is meanwhile being stalked by the one man who really loves her an accordion-wielding software engineer, who cost her her last job because he wouldn't leave her alone...
3764 ::: White Sheets Don't Stain (2004) ::: A Split Comedy! Two films...one story...the present and the future that will keep you laughing! Habits can create breakups; breakups can make you agree with others. The only way to get it out of your system, Is to laugh so hard you shit a Monkey!
3765 ::: "The Good News" (1997) ::: The series focused on David Randolph (David Ramsey), a young acting pastor designated to Compton, California's African American Church of Life. Initially, the majority of the church's members balk at the young pastor's new position and resent him replacing their former pastor. With the help of the church's secretary, Vera Hudson (Rose Jackson Moye), Randolph attempts to reunite the church and help his congregation.
3766 ::: "Adam's Rib" (1973) ::: A TV adaptation of the Tracy/Hepburn classic. Adam Bonner was a young assistant DA while his wife, Amanda, was a junior partner in a law firm. Their jobs often put them in conflict within the courtroom and, by extension, at home. Amanda (and the series) was also a crusader for women's rights.
3767 ::: Breakthrough Strategies for Autism Spectrum Disorders (2007) ::: Raun K. Kaufman lectures about his Son-Rise Program which treats people with autism, allowing them to improve their lives. Kaufman used the program on this son. His family's life with a son that has autism is depicted in the 1979 television film Son-Rise: A Miracle of Love.
3768 ::: "Eco Trip: The Real Cost of Living" (2009) ::: A series that explores the environmental impact and origins of products we use in our everyday lives, hosted by eco-adventurer David de Rothschild. Among the items featured are cotton t-shirts, salmon, paper napkins and cell phones. Each half hour episode follows the life cycle of these items from production to disposal, showing viewers the ways in which they affect our health, environment, and society.
3769 ::: "Las antigüedades en México, La vida detrás de los objetos" (2005) ::: What are antiques? What is the specific passion that motivates their jealous custodians, the antiquarians? When an object, besides being beautiful, carries the stigma of the generations of that attended to it and valued it; when that object was sculpted, appreciated and cared for by the hands and eyes of those who are now dead; when it reminds us of our family and cultural history with its presence, then that object is called ''an antique''. In this program, we unravel the reasons that explain how a value is placed on nostalgia and art, and also how it is fixed in relation to the prosaic and necessary market.
3770 ::: Okie Noodling (2001) ::: For centuries, a unique breed of fishermen has been catching monster catfish with their bare hands in the rivers and lakes of Oklahoma. Today, the tradition of "noodling" still has Okie anglers hooked. This documentary by Bradley Beesley features interviews with hardcore handfishing veterans as well as footage of real noodlers in action. Set against an original musical score by rock band The Flaming Lips, Okie Noodling offers an anecdotal look at a most unusual piece of Midwest American culture.
3771 ::: "Krasnye braslety" (2016) ::: Children's unit in the hospital occurs as a model of the world, where teenagers accept the real life challenges, make difficult decisions, become friends and fall in love with each other. There is no pathetic drama in the story of young patients, on the contrary it is told lightly, touching, and even funny, praising the life itself. "The Red Bracelets" is an adaptation of the original "Polseres vermelles", a Catalan drama series, aired in Spain in 2011. Since then the series has become extremely popular all over the world, 9 territories are currently adopting the format.
3772 ::: Yureru densha no naka de: Niizuma no gôjasu na shitai (2008) ::: Ayumi is married to Yukinari, a man with some serious sexual perversions. He enjoys molesting his wife on the train, engaging in some light bondage and blindfold sex sessions with her. He's also been sleeping with Kazuha (who happens to be Ayumi's friend) on the side. Eventually he even hires a man to rape his wife while he secretly records (and enjoys) the action. A lot of sexual manipulation ensues and at the end it's a twist to see who's been playing whom.
3773 ::: Not Waving, But Drowning (2009) ::: "Not waving, but drowning" documents in a very poetic way the time experience of Indian container refugees during their period of containment in Zeebruges, Belgium. On their way to the United Kingdom, they get stuck in well-defined non-zones bordering the recreational community of a Belgian seashore town. Together with them we slowly lose all idea of time and place. Not Waving, But Drowning materializes the experience of Indian refugees during their arrest and detention by the harbor police in Zeebrugge, Belgium. Within the tense, haunted context of the harbor and the seaside, and together with them, we slowly lose all sense of time and place. Without investigating their past or their future, the human traffic organizations or the Belgian legislation, the film transgresses into the timelessness in which our society imprisons people without papers. This subtle analysis of human exclusion and the reduction of human beings to the physical body makes us wonder if a human can be illegal at all?
3774 ::: The Pee Wee Herman Show (1981) ::: An adult-oriented version of what would eventually become an award-winning children's classic. This version of the show features Pee-wee's playhouse and many of the characters of the later series, but with adult and sexual overtones and jokes including "mirror shoes" and others.
3775 ::: "Archives of the Heart" (2015) ::: Summer and Mason are giving their marriage a try, yet unforeseen challenges present themselves. Samantha returns home to visit her family, but the reunion quickly becomes uncomfortable. Answering the call of duty, Summer and Sky investigates a homicide scene.
3776 ::: A Democratic Decision (2008) ::: The last days of the palace of the republic of the GDR(German Democratic Republic). This is the real existing story of it's disappearance. But Karl Marx already knew: "History's repeating. The first time as tragedy, the second time as farce."
3777 ::: Sairaan kaunis maailma (1997) ::: Ippe and Papu are two hip-hop teenagers from Helsinki with a serious problem: They have made a contract with an older drug-dealer Kalle to provide customers. The boys fail to do this and end up in debt to Kalle. There seems to be only one solution, to smuggle drugs from Sweden across the border in order to pay the debt.
3778 ::: Dutch (????) ::: Dutch: The First of a Trilogy. James Bernard Jr., a.k.a. Dutch, has become the most dangerous criminal in New Jersey. From his early skill as a car thief, Dutch recognized the opportunity to rule the streets and he seized it. With both the protection and respect of the Mafia, Dutch becomes the most terrifying force on the streets. District Attorney Anthony Jacobs is determined to take down Dutch and his crew, and he's confident that his witnesses will testify against them.
3779 ::: Zero Hour (1998) ::: Set in the isolated trenches of W.W.I, Zero Hour is the tale of a young British Officer confronted with shocking discoveries about his newly assigned Company in Northern France. In his quest for duty and honor, Lieutenant Oliver Enfield decides to set things right by taking matters into his own hands. On the eve of a major offensive, Lieutenant Enfield embarks on an unauthorized reconnaissance mission. Instead of finding answers he undergoes a harsh but fantastical journey of transformation, which ultimately leads him to question his own sanity and purpose. At a turning point in his existence he must answer the question-Does an officer's duty to country demand blind loyalty? Or can it be an opportunity to save his men from one of the most futile advances of the First World War.
3780 ::: A History of Civil Rights in America (2011) ::: A History of Civil Rights in America offers a comprehensive historical overview detailing the expansion of civil rights to include more people. The series takes you through the development of the Constitution, the Bill of Rights, the 13th Amendment and 14th Amendments, civil rights legislation , court decisions as well as examining fearless civil rights leaders like Rosa Parks, Cesar Chavez, Thurgood Marshall, and Martin Luther King, Jr. From the past to the present, , this eight part series takes the viewer through one of the most powerful forces in American History; the promise of equality for all.
3781 ::: Il moralista (1959) ::: Augustino works as the General Secretary of Social Morality Union and takes fight to all kinds of mundane vices - striptease, nudity in movies and commercials. He is incorrupt and unyielding. Unfortunately, the rigid professional ethics sabotages his private life. Meanwhile, his boss plans to marry off his unattractive 29-year old daughter...to Augustino.
3782 ::: Angela (1995) ::: The ten year-old Angela and her little sister Ellie move to an old house in the countryside with her parents Mae and Andrew. Their mother has mental illness and has just left an institution and her husband tries to keep the dysfunctional family together. Angela is an imaginative disturbed girl that might have inherited the illness of her mother and is obsessed by purification to get rid of her sins; and has visions of the fallen angel Lucifer and the Virgin Mary. She leads her little sister in her paranoia and uses a circle of toys and dolls to protect them against evil. They have a crazy neighbor that Angela believes is an angel and she asks the woman how to find the way to heaven. When Mae returns to the institution, Angela becomes uncontrollable in her quest to heaven. A ten year old girl named Angela leads her six year old sister, Ellie, through various regimens of 'purification' in an attempt to rid themselves of their evil, which she believes to be the cause of their mother's mental illness. Precocious, to say the least, Angela has visions of Lucifer coming to take her and her sister away, and one of her remedies for this is for them to remain within a circle of their dolls and toys until they see a vision of the virgin Mary come to them. But such thinking can only lead to an ending befitting of her own mental state.
3783 ::: The Tragedy of King Lear (1982) ::: King Lear, old and tired, divides his kingdom among his daughters, giving great importance to their protestations of love for him. When Cordelia, youngest and most honest, refuses to idly flatter the old man in return for favor, he banishes her and turns for support to his remaining daughters. But Goneril and Regan have no love for him and instead plot to take all his power from him. In a parallel, Lear's loyal courtier Gloucester favors his illegitimate son Edmund after being told lies about his faithful son Edgar. Madness and tragedy befall both ill-starred fathers.
3784 ::: Bob the Builder: Bob's Big Plan (2005) ::: Every big project, every big adventure, begins with a big plan! Bob the Builder is about to take on his biggest project ever in theall- new series Bob the Builder Project: Build It --- he's building a whole new town from the ground up! Before he breaks ground, find out how it all began in Bob's Big Plan, the story behind the new series, plus see the first two episodes in the new series: Bob'sFresh Start and Lofty's Shelter! It's the blueprint for the building job unlike any other! Can they build it?
3785 ::: The Eternal Temptress (1917) ::: Austrian diplomats, seeking papers in the possession of the United States diplomat, work through the infatuation of his son, Harry, for an Italian widow. In his desperate financial straits, he is induced to turn traitor to his trust, but the woman, truly loving him, saves him from the consequences of his crime, at the cost of her own love and life.
3786 ::: Lustful Addiction (2003) ::: Ruby is a young part-time stripper who wallows in drugs, sex and other excesses in meaningless existence. After meeting with local drug dealer O-Rock in her apartment, she seduces him, takes his drug stash, and splits. In a snowy park, Ruby meets Opala, another young woman who takes her back to her large and posh country house where both women indulge in more drugs and sex with one another. When Opala leaves for work, and to score more drugs, Ruby, left alone, becomes more crazy and desperate and falls deeper into her addiction by contacting a stripper co-worker to score more dope. Meanwhile, the drug dealer O-Rock, finding that Ruby has stolen his secret stash of dope, arms himself with a knife and some deadly narcotics, and goes out seeking payback... with interest.
3787 ::: The Rooftop Christmas Tree (2016) ::: It's Christmas and once again, Dale Landis places a tree on his roof and ends up in court. No one in the small town knows why he continues the practice, but idealistic attorney, Sarah Wright is determined to give Mr. Landis his Christmas wish and keep him out of jail. Judge Conner has different ideas when he puts Sarah and and aggressive prosecutor John Keaton together to figure out the mystery behind the rooftop Christmas tree. The two must come together to find a solution and in the end find out more not only about Mr. Landis, but about each other. This heartwarming holiday movie is inspired by a true story and will restore your faith in miracles. The movie "The Rooftop Christmas Tree" stars Michelle Morgan, Tim Reid and Stephen Huszar.
3788 ::: PilotsEYE.tv: QUITO (2014) ::: In Episode 14 "Lady's trip to the closed strip" PilotsEYE.tv shows the last mission to one of the world's most difficult airports. For the first time from the flight deck of a rare Lufthansa McDonnell Douglas MD-II. Eight airports in ten days For the first time, PilotsEYE was given the opportunity to cover an entire cargo mission from Europe to Africa, continuing all the way to South America. Furthest destination: one of the world's most spectacular and dangerous airports, situated in the very center of the highest located capital of the world, "Quito in Ecuador". Claus Richter, Chief Pilot: "An adventure, regular passengers won't be able to witness, ever".
3789 ::: "Runway Magazine" (2013) ::: Episodes about Fashion weeks in Paris, London, New York, Milan. Follow Eleonora de Gray and her team behind the scenes to see the hottest trends, watch the interviews with celebrities and the best fashion designers. Capturing the hottest shows and designers of 2013.
3790 ::: De oogst van de stilte (1995) ::: Tea recounts how Chinese composer Tan Dun wrote the opera Tea; a tragic love story set against the background of the Japanese tea ceremony. He combines Eastern and Western composition techniques to create unique fusion of music between two great musical traditions. TheTea opera is the door to the mystical world of Chado; the Way of Tea. A world in which the ultimate objective is; as Tan Dun himself states; "To hear colour and to see sound". Beautifully crafted by Franck Scheffer;Tea includes interviews of Tan Dun; librettist Xu Ying and director Pierre Audi; as well as performances with the NHK Symphony Orchestra and the Dutch Chamber Orchestra conducted by Tan Dun.
3791 ::: Boatman (1985) ::: The first thing we see in Tikoy Aguiluz's Boatman is the gleaming revealed blade of a balisong (a switchblade knife made in the province of Batangas). A group of prepubescent boys line up to an old man carrying the blade and a stack of leaves. The bravest one presents himself as the first boy to be circumcized. Tikoy Aguiluz allows us to see the details of the ceremonial passage to manhood: the old man pulls the foreskin from the penis and attaches it to the implement before slicing it off; the kid then spits the chewed leaves before jumping into the river. Aguiluz cuts to the same river, and appearing from the river is Felipe (Ronnie Lazaro), presumably the brave kid many years later now grown into an ambitious boatman who delivers tourists from town to the waterfalls of Pagsanjan.
3792 ::: Run a Crooked Mile (1969) ::: A man witnesses a murder in a secluded mansion. When he reports it, there's no evidence of the murder, or that anyone was there. He finds a key on the floor and goes to his boss to get help when he's struck from behind. He wakes up in a hospital room after a polo accident to find he's had amnesia for two years, is now married, and living in Switzerland. He still has the key and the memories of the murder. He goes back to England to try to resolve the mystery.
3793 ::: One Way Trip (2011) ::: Eight young people drive to the Swiss Jura region, food and tents in the trunk. It's autumn and high season for a magic mushroom that grows there - the reason for their trip. After a few problems they arrive at the desired location deep in the woods, the tents are set up, the mushrooms are collected and when it gets dark the party starts. Everything is fine until one of the youths wants to get beer and comes back with a blood-covered and smashed face. They don't know what happened but need to find help. As they discover that their car has a flat tire and their phones don't work, they seek shelter in a nearby farmhouse. But that's just where they were supposed to go...
3794 ::: Why Am I in a Box? (2010) ::: Ellen Farnsby is a modern-day Scheherazade. And if she doesn't tell the story of a lifetime, someone else will be writing her obituary. She is kidnapped by Paige, a failed novelist with an ax to grind. Jeremy is a video store clerk whose one talent is fooling himself, and others, that he's an artist. He and a pop junkie of a detective named Lydecker are hunting for Ellen. Will Jeremy and Lydecker find Ellen before a vicious maniac edits her out of existence? Will Ellen write a brilliant novel or end up a tragic movie-of-the-week?
3795 ::: I Heard It Through the Grapevine (1982) ::: James Baldwin retraces his time in the South during the Civil Rights Movement, reflecting with his trademark brilliance and insight on the passage of more than two decades. From Selma and Birmingham, and Atlanta, to the battleground beaches of St. Augustine, Florida, with Chinua Achebe, and back north for a visit to Newark with Amiri Baraka, Baldwin lays bare the fiction of progress in post-Civil Rights America-wondering "what happened to the children" and those "who did not die, but whose lives were smashed on Freedom Road."
3796 ::: La malédiction d'Edgar (2013) ::: Based on the bestselling novel by Marc Dugain, this original docudrama weaves unique archival footage within a fictional story and sheds a new light on J. Edgar Hoover. This film reveals the FBI director's battle to retain power from the Kennedy clan. From 1960 and 1963, two ideals of America come face to face and two sets of morals clash. Clyde Tolson, Hoover's right-hand man and secret lover, is the last survivor of this psychological drama. He recounts this intense political period when America's destiny has never been as dependent on one of the most powerful and mysterious figures of the time.
3797 ::: "Kumba Park" (2001) ::: Unbeknown to the world at large, the future of the humanity is being decided on a lost island in the Sargasso Sea... There, an unscrupulous scientist, Doctor Bass, has made a deal with extraterrestrial knowledge, she must act as adoptive mother to a hoard of embryos from other planets. Doctor Bass must ensure that they hatch and grow. In the fullness of time, the strongest of them will survive at the expense of the weakest. And afterwards, they will subjugate the rest of the planet... The only people who can stop this happening are Noe, the warden of the island's natural park, and his daughter Kumba...
3798 ::: Word Is Out (1977) ::: More than two dozen men and women of various backgrounds, ages, and races talk to the camera about being gay. Their stories are arranged in loose chronology: early years, fitting in (which for some meant marriage), disclosing their sexuality, establishing adult identities, and reflecting on how things have changed and how things should be. Some speak as couples and some as singles. One lost her children in a custody decision, one was dishonorably discharged from the U.S. Army, two were sent to insane asylums. All see social progress as they reflect. News footage and a few vocal performances provide breaks as topics shift. Twenty-six U.S. homosexuals of various ages and backgrounds are interviewed, they who speak candidly about their sexual orientation in this era just a few years after the initial gay liberation at Stonewall. They speak of when they first knew of their sexual orientation and what that actually meant to them during a time when there were few open outlets or supports for homosexuals in U.S. society. Some speak of the added pressures if the acknowledgment of being homosexual was during one's adolescent period, when there is enough pressure from adolescence in and of itself. They also speak of the period of disclosure - for some, this process being involuntary - with many who were treated as having a mental disorder and the resulting fear or anger associated with the treatment. Into their disclosed period, they needed to figure out where in society they fit, whether it be in relation to their sweet-hearts, to friends or society in general. To each person or group, these roles could be totally different. They speculate on their future as homosexuals based on their experiences and the state of homosexual acceptance in U.S. society.
3799 ::: Hello Kolkata (2008) ::: The film explores the relationship of 4 couples. Raima (Swastika Mukherjee), married to Pratik (Amitabha Bhattacharya), has reached a critical phase in her marriage because he, an alcoholic, tortures her with physical and mental violence. Pratik is a BPO manager and much though Raima tries to hold on because of their daughter, her patience has almost reached finishing point. Partha (Sudip Mukherjee), branch manager in an insurance firm, is married to Sheila (Sreelekha Mitra). While Partha places his corporate team under constant stress by reason of his ruthless ambitions, Sheila fails to cope with the reality of her inability to conceive. Anjali (Maitreyee Mitra), a BPO Team Leader working under Pratik, is about to marry Rahul (Indrajeet), an IT professional. Rahul's ambition is to reach the US for better prospects. His sudden decision to switch over to a job in Bangalore pushes the relationship to a crisis, driving the engagement to breaking point. Animesh (Rudranil Ghosh), an insurance executive in a private firm, always fails to reach his sales target. He fails to meet the rising financial demands his wife Geeta (Samapika Debnath) and son Nayan place on him. The family is headed towards a grave disaster till hope makes its presence felt at the end of the dark tunnel..
3800 ::: "A Week of Dressing Dangerously" (2005) ::: The clothes we wear affect who we see ourselves as and thus how we act. Or at least that is how fashion "expert" Angela Buttolph sees it and she feels it is important that those with a rather bland personae and personal issues tackle their problems by forcing themselves to wear a different outfit each day over one week to change themselves, open their hearts and confront their fears. In episode one of the series, we tackle Diane Metcalfe, a mumsy housewife who has lost her individuality in a daily routine of responsibility, school runs, cooking, cleaning and such. Angela forces her into a series of outfits to help her explore herself and rediscover her youthful spontaneity.
3801 ::: I Approve This Message (2015) ::: Fed up with politicians, Keith W. Blandford, a regular guy from Charleston SC decided to make a stand. He decided to run for US Congress. Disenfranchised by the two major parties Keith ran as a Libertarian. The documentary is a look inside the American two party system and the corruption that occurs behind closed doors. Does this system even work for the people anymore? If not, then why is it so hard to oppose? It also features several interviews as the film makers track the history of third parties in America and try to determine their impact.
3802 ::: Vive le duc! (1960) ::: A Belgian village is struck by repeated flooding, all this because they lack a new sewer. But the Ministry delays in providing the funding needed to build it. To alert public opinion, the villagers decide to do something. This "something" will be a play describing the life of their saint patron. Trouble follows, partly fueled by the short-tempered mayor...
3803 ::: The Color of Fish (2001) ::: Is it a psychological adventure or complete breakdown? How do you know who you are? A darkly comic film about the limits of knowledge. Made on DV using early desktop tools in the style of Pi, Dead Man, Brazil, or Adult Swim animation. The film played at more than 20 fests and was shortlisted for Sundance American Spectrums. Also on DVD. Soundtrack: 1CHTHY5 at LastFM.
3804 ::: "In Gefahr - Ein verhängnisvoller Moment" (2014) ::: A woman separates from her boy-friend because of an intrigue by a sinister young woman who becomes later her very dangerous roommate. A friend of the woman who works as a psychiatrist recognizes the young strange woman as being a former patient in her clinic.
3805 ::: Street Journeys (2013) ::: In the heart of Nairobi, where abandoned children wander the streets with no relief from the grim realities of poverty, hope for the future is dim, until renowned Kenyan actress Anne Wanjugu restores the children's spirit through the healing power of theater.
3806 ::: The Magical Call of 'Oryantal' (2007) ::: The oriental belly dance is a form of art which tells the story of birth. This dance is not only a demonstration of the happiness felt at the emergence of a new life, but also works as a beneficial therapy on woman's psychology. And now, one Turkish woman filmmaker wants to share her witnessing to this magic with the world. Filmmaker Umut lives in Istanbul and has been aware of the oriental belly dancing since her childhood because this dance is part of her culture. But what she did not know was the deep philosophy behind it. Once she starts to learn about it, she discovers that it's more than a touristic attraction. She interviews with oriental belly dancers, professors and psychiatrists regarding oriental belly dance. Through her research on this dance's history and cultural effects she finds out that some belly dancing teaching classes turn out to be therapy centers for the women who has problems such as depression, eating disorders, rape and sexual abuse. This emotional recovery is method of maintaining well and can help to get over the issues of having a woman's body. So she puts up a test class together to document the psychological effects of the dance. Three women, including herself, begin to take belly dancing lessons through their depressed periods. Umut wants to share her discovery and great experience on this magical form of art with this film.
3807 ::: I Like to Watch (1982) ::: Laura peeps on her aunt Leticia with her lover Phillip. Fashion designer Leticia asks her worker Kim to call a plumber. After maid Gretchen peeps on Kim with plumber Mark, Kim shows the maid it can be better with a woman. Peeping on them, Laura is frustrated her boyfriend Michael doesn't want any sex. She is comforted by Leticia's client Linda. Initially peeping, Linda's husband Montag eventually switches roles with his wife. Visiting Laura, Michael is jumped by models Honey and Cinnamon. Leticia notices the action but shrugs her shoulders. Leticia's fashion show finally starts after a janitor bites one of the model's behinds. Meanwhile, as Michael's experience restored his passion, he finally offers himself to Laura.
3808 ::: "A Place Among the Undead" (2016) ::: A PLACE AMONG THE UNDEAD is the definitive documentary about vampires in myth and pop culture. It is a 6-part anthology series. UNDEAD is s first of its kind. It gathers the who's who of the genre never seen before together in one series. The production also provides a rare perspective: an insider's view into the vampire phenomenon. Juliet Landau, who portrayed Drusilla on BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER and ANGEL over the course of 6 seasons, is co-directing with her husband, Deverill Weekes. Each episode includes a narrative film inspired by the conversations.
3809 ::: Caught on Safari: Battle at Kruger (2008) ::: A herd of African Buffalos are approaching the water, unaware that a small group of young lions with a single female adult are lying nearby. The lioness crouches as the herd nears. The lead buffalo becomes startled and turns to run. The Buffalo's flee and the lions charge and disperse the herd. The lioness picking off a buffalo calf, both of them falling into the water.
3810 ::: Rüzgarda salinan nilüfer (2016) ::: Handan and Korhan a middle-aged couple who live their lives in one of istanbul's best neighborhoods. Handan constantly invents things for herself in order to fill her life. Handan, imitates her friend Sermin and starts writing! But this desire, which is innocent in the first place, will become jealous over time and diverge in different ways.
3811 ::: Maria Costa's Macho Men and the Women Who Love Them (2010) ::: Maria Costa honors traditional values in a modern world. Onstage, Costa explodes with brilliant acting as she portrays an array of outrageous and hilarious characters. Maria breaks down cultural barriers during her journey of self-discovery, as she seeks advice from friends and family and brings out a colorful array of characters.
3812 ::: A Tiger's Tail (2014) ::: A boy winds up in this live-action adventure of a lifetime when Luna, a baby tiger cub, escapes from an animal sanctuary and follows him home in which can lead him to jail. It is up to one boy, his friend, and his dog to return Luna to her home before she destroys his parents' home.
3813 ::: Hazel (2014) ::: "Act like a lady, think like a man, and work like a dog." That's the motto of 93 year old Mississauga Mayor, Hazel McCallion. She is legendary for her leadership, feisty personality, and boundless energy. Hazel McCallion began her rise to power when politics was very much a man's game, winning as Deputy Reeve in Streetsville in 1967. She ran for Mayor of Mississauga in 1978 and has never looked back. After 36 years, Hazel recently retired as the Mayor of Canada's 6th largest city. She is notorious for getting things done! Her handling of the train derailment and toxic spill in Mississauga, which forced the largest peacetime evacuation in human history, became known as the 1979 Mississauga Miracle. Just one of Hazel's many triumphs. In Hazel, we will find what makes this woman tick. Born in Journeaux, Quebec, she was the youngest in a family of five. Though she longed to attend university, the family could not afford it. By 1942, she was working for the Canadian Kellogg Company. During the war years, Hazel played professional women's hockey, earning $5 a game. Her passion for the sport continued and Hazel has been a strong supporter of Women's Hockey in Canada persuading the Olympic Committee to include the sport in the Winter Olympics back in the 1990's. Why look at the life of this amazing woman? Because we need heroes! Hazel exudes a vitality and energy that defies her age. She has been both a role model for young people and door-opener for young women throughout her career. To this day, with a spirit of humility that chooses to connect to all in her community, Hazel does her own housework and gardening, she drives her car to work, always keeping her skates in the trunk in case she gets a chance to go for a skate. Hazel's strength is drawn from her deep Christian roots. A member of Trinity Anglican Church in Streetsville, Hazel has raised millions for various charities including Hazel's Hope - an outreach to those with AIDS in Tanzania.
3814 ::: Obozhenie (2016) ::: Theosis is in the form of triptych composed of Catharsis, Theoria and Deification. The movie follows the stories of characters who while surviving in their lives, they enliven their lost spirituality and of those around them. The film displays and shows the human tragedy of the time we live in all its moral, ethical and aesthetic dimension: So Dried tree blossom, Macedonian sun will lose some of its rays that collapsed behind dark mountains and Christ once again will be shipped, humiliated and crucified again. This is graduation film by Kiril and Svetislav and it is made without any budget.
3815 ::: Gesher (2010) ::: Ghobad, Jahan and Nezam , three men in pursuit of a better life, leave home and head for Oslouyeh, one of the richest gas producing regions in the south of Iran. However, the difficult living conditions together with the low salaries oblige them and others to find shelter along the disused sections of the pipeline. The group of workers manage to create an atmosphere of camaraderie despite the difficult conditions with which they are faced.
3816 ::: Head Trip (2017) ::: Ethan (Trevor Poli) has been in love with Natalie (Magda Roub) his whole high school career. When a chance arises to perform in his school's talent show, he thinks it to be the perfect opportunity to win over the love of his life. With the help of his friends Ian (Aaron Kienstra) and Chris Mahalo (Sean Everts) Ethan attempts to win the talent show, and Natalie's heart. However, not everything is how it seems.
3817 ::: Without (2011/I) ::: On a remote wooded island, a young woman becomes caretaker to an old man in a vegetative state. She has no cell signal, no Internet. Only a year removed from high school and forced to meet the needs of a man who cannot respond, Joslyn vacillates between finding solace in his company and feeling fear and anger towards him. As the monotony of daily routine starts to unravel, boundaries collapse and Joslyn struggles with sexuality, guilt and loss.
3818 ::: Your Name Here (2015) ::: Shot and set in Northern Ontario and produced by a professional crew also from the region, Your Name Here is a feature-length docufiction featuring dozens of local amateur actors under the direction of award-winning Canadian filmmaker and academic B. P. Paquette. Entertaining, funny, and insightful, Your Name Here is both a celebration of the art and craft of movie acting, and a meditation on the desire for movie stardom from the perspective of the movie star that lives deep from within us all. Set in a movie theatre as a workshop for amateur actors, Your Name Here not only features portraits of various everyday people who reveal themselves to be the movie stars they are in real life, but simultaneously retells the timeless story first told in the Oscar-winning Hollywood classic A Star is Born (1937), wherein a young woman comes to Hollywood with dreams of movie stardom, but achieves them only with the help of a tragic leading man whose best days are behind him.
3819 ::: Tokyo Shutter Girl (2013) ::: Based on the Tokyo Shatta Garu manga series, the film chronicles the girls who are members of their high school's photo club as they experience their environment photographing and filming around Tokyo. The story is comprised of three segments each focusing on a separate girl with each piece directed by a different person.
3820 ::: The Tremor (2015) ::: In a coal mine in Spain, our gaze focuses on the hypnotic cadence of work revealing the continous movement of the machinery devouring workers: the very last gestures of the mythical mining labor slowly disappearing. Perhaps it is one of the last active coal mines in Europe. We do not know, but the miners are still trying to salvage the unstoppable.
3821 ::: Brick by Brick: A Civil Rights Story (2007) ::: Brick by Brick: A Civil Rights Story follows three families in a contemporary American battle for equal opportunity. One city's struggle over racial discrimination and how to redress long-standing institutional housing segregation is the subject of a confrontation that challenges and changes Yonkers, New York. Drawn deeply into the conflict, the people in Brick by Brick: A Civil Rights Story show how contemporary America confronts the issues of race and opportunity. Through their city's crucible, they deal with the meaning of civil rights in a current-day context.
3822 ::: Niciji sin (2008) ::: Ivan is a 36-year old ex-rock singer and a disillusioned war veteran who lost both legs in the recent Croatian Homeland War. His father, Izidor, was a well-known political prisoner in the former Yugoslavia, and is now standing as an independent candidate for the Croatian Parliament. Then a face from the past re-appears: an impoverished Serbian refugee called Simo, who has recently returned to the town. As an ex-communist official, Simo imprisoned Izidor decades ago. He knows certain facts about Izidor that could destroy his reputation and wreck his political campaign. Simo demands money, in return for his silence and he also has a secret rendezvous with Ivan's mother, Ana. Soon a long-buried secret surfaces once more - with huge repercussions for Ivan. He starts to provoke hard-line Croatians by singing Serbian nationalistic songs, daring them to kill him.
3823 ::: Fishing with Gandhi (1998) ::: Danno is hitching his way down the California coast, trying to forget his mother's recent marriage to his uncle. He meets Roy and Gil, two truck-driving brothers who are dealing with some pretty severe family inbreeding issues of their own.
3824 ::: Rélasumé (2012) ::: Romantic Comedy: Before a man breaks up with his woman he should treat the situation just as he would if quitting a job; by finding another one first! As the story unfolds, the main character's best friend comes up with the idea to outline the history of prospective women to an organized resume;. Where the "Objective" is what they're trying to find in a man and their "Experience" is the breakdown of their past relationships. By the end, the main character learns a lesson about love after co-creating a new form of dating and a dating website. Think "Breakin' all the rules" meets "Social Network".
3825 ::: Love (2010/I) ::: Love is the ultimate force for health, happiness, harmony and well-being. The power of Love can overcome any darkness or negativity and can take on endless forms. In this dynamic 90-minute program, Dr. Gary Null and 16 of the world's leading Medical Doctors, Psychologists, Philosophers, Professors and Spiritual Experts, come together to share their insights on every aspect of Love based on questions from people around the globe!
3826 ::: Agua (2006/I) ::: Thirty four year old Goyo, a former open water swimming champion, has been hiding out in the desert. Wrongly accused of doping in the Santa Fe-Coronda Marathon, a 57 kilometer river swim, he has abandoned his career and his dreams. Eight years later, Goyo returns to Santa Fe where the marathon will be held again to try to re-gain his title and clear his name. However, long buried emotions come back to haunt him. He meets Chino, a stubborn and disciplined pool swimmer, who tries hard to be selected for the national team, but fails. Identifying with Chino, Goyo asks him to be his guide on the boat that follows him during the marathon.
3827 ::: The Most Dangerous Year (2018) ::: In 2016 a group of Washington State families with transgender kids join the fight against the wave of discriminatory anti-transgender legislation sweeping through the nation and into their home state. With the help of a coalition of state lawmakers and civil rights activists, these families embark on an uncharted journey of fighting to protect and preserve their children's human rights and civil liberties in this present-day civil rights movement.
3828 ::: The Ad and the Ego (1997) ::: Intercutting thousands of contemporary and classic television commercials with insights by Stuart Ewen, Jean Kilbourne, Sut JhalIy and others, this film scrutinizes late 20th century American society and its prime inhabitant, Consumer Man. You will never look at an ad the same way again after viewing what critics are calling "the first comprehensive documentary on the cultural impact of advertising in America".
3829 ::: "The Fish Fishburne Show" (2010) ::: The series is a humorous and educational fishing series led by Fish Fishburne, one of the most respected and entertaining celebrities in the bass fishing world. Fishburne, travels to the most famous bass lakes in the U.S., performing unbelievable fishing stunts and teaching viewers a thing or two from his 12 years as a professional bass angler.
3830 ::: The West Side Waltz (1995) ::: Margaret keeps her neighbours at a distance and avoids contact except with Cara. She enjoys her company just for making music since Cara plays the violin accompanying Margaret at the piano. Because of her arthritis she accepts the housemaid Robin who wants to become an actress. With this naive pretty girl her life gets suddently really exciting and she makes a lot of new friends.
3831 ::: Won-si-rim (2012) ::: When Hyunjung returns to Seo-chun for the funeral of her beloved maternal grandmother, she finds herself, after many years, in the house where she spent so much time as a child. To her, these rooms are a symbol of the joy of childhood, in which her grandmother was an important presence. As she looks at the family photographs, Hyunjung is tempted to capture the memories and to make time her prisoner, but every effort is to no avail because time cannot be contained. This knowledge, which that day has made so very clear to her, motivates the girl to make an important decision and go beyond her own personal beliefs.
3832 ::: Paying the Piper (2002) ::: "Paul Thomas presents a tale of a woman who has men following her like the rats they are. Raylene arrives on town and proceeds to turn it upside down. She makes a deal with the women of the town to make the men more enjoyable. But, when the women fail to pay, Raylene leads the men out of town."
3833 ::: To Banish the Darkness (2007) ::: The year is 1999. The peace process is at its peak. An experimental group of Educators from different ethnic communities in Israel - micro-cosmos of Israeli Society - in which the fives women are involved, starts to work together on a "different" educational book on common citizenship for all communities without ethnic, religious, and communal differences.
3834 ::: Tusk (????/I) ::: While visiting South Africa, a devoted animal rights activist targets a ruthless Parliament official after discovering the disfigured remains of an imported elephant. Learning of the official's link to her estranged father, a vacation meant to heal old wounds opens her eyes to a corrupt ivory operation destined to incite a perilous struggle for truth, honor, and freedom.
3835 ::: Tiegu Lanxin (1931) ::: Lai-lan is the only child of millionnaire Tsoi Chi-sin. She is beautiful and free-spirited, never lacking in suitors. One day, Lai-lan and a suitor Henry Wong are mugged. Henry runs away and Lai-lan is saved by a blacksmith, Cheung Kwok-keung. Later, Kwok-keung saves the life of Lai-lan again, twice. Lai-lan falls in love with Kwok-keung. She sends a matchmaker to Kwok-keung's parents. However, knowing that their social status are incompatible, Kwok-keung rejects her overtures of marriage. Lai-lan falls ill. Touched by her feelings, Kwok-keung finally agrees to marry her.
3836 ::: Chakra the Invincible (2013) ::: From the mind of legendary creator Stan Lee comes his newest superhero. Chakra tells the story of Raju Rai, a young Indian orphan living in Mumbai. Determined to use science to unlock the secrets of human potential, Raju and his mentor, the genius scientist Dr. Singh, develop a technological suit that activates the mystical Chakras of the body, unleashing superhuman abilities and powers. Convinced that none must know of his new super-powered identity, Raju gives his new, mighty avatar a name, one that will represent everything he is and can ever hope to be, one that will resonate throughout the world and have the dramatic effect of bringing fear into the hearts of evildoers - CHAKRA, The Invincible! Using his amazing powers, Chakra must save the city of Mumbai and the world from supervillains.
3837 ::: Knocking (2006) ::: By fighting for their right to live and worship as they choose, Jehovah's Witnesses won legal victories that protected civil liberties and free choice for all Americans. By refusing blood transfusions, but insisting on medical care, Jehovah's Witnesses risked their lives in pursuit of new bloodless technology now used on all types of patients. By resisting Hitler and his Nazi army, German Jehovah's Witnesses were sent to the concentration camps and became martyrs.
3838 ::: Piece by Piece (2007/I) ::: Piece By Piece is a short documentary about the Rubik's Cube and, specifically, the practice of speedcubing! Meet one of the original creators of a well-known speedcubing algorithm and the 1982 Swedish speedcubing champion. Meet a speedcubing couple, and hear about the cube's power to impress women. Watch different types of speedcubing, including one-handed cubing and the blindfolded competition, in which competitors memorize the entire cube before covering their eyes and solving it in under 2 minutes. The characters are quirky, real, and very different. Whether they are 11 years old or 31, clean-cut or covered in tattoos, these different characters will entertain as they explain what goes on inside their heads as they solve the cube. Directed by Sachi Schuricht, Emma Thatcher, Isaiah Allekotte and Grace Rathbone-Webber.
3839 ::: The Four Corners of the World (1981) ::: After everything had been given its order, the earth was a square divided into four parts as if measured with a cord, with four corners and four sides. (Popol Vuh)
3840 ::: Con Men (2016) ::: When two con artists attempt to take down the wrong mark, they fall into a nest of vipers and learn that nothing is as it seems. A unique Scottish thriller and a cunning twist on the genre, Con Men is guaranteed to keep you guessing until the very last frame.
3841 ::: Lawless Valley (1938) ::: Serving a five year sentence for robbing a stage, Larry Rhodes is paroled early and returns to his hometown bent on clearing himself and discovering the identity of his father's killer. Things get more complicated when he learns that his former girlfriend, whom he still loves, is scheduled to be married to the local land baron's son. Larry Rhodes, whose opposition to powerful rancher Tom Marsh got him framed and jailed for stage robbery, is paroled and returns to Valley Junction, Arizona. His welcome is not exactly warm, except from old pal Tim Wade. Moreover, Marsh is about to force his ward (and Larry's sweetheart) Norma to marry his son, thus keeping control of her property. Not allowed to pack a gun, Larry must use his wits to defeat his powerful enemy.
3842 ::: The Lone Prairie (1942) ::: Lucky Dawson and his pal Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys (Leon McAuliffe, Millard Kelso, Joe Holley, Harley Huggins and Luke Wills) ride into the town of Rimrock, which is under the ruthless control of Lafe Kinney and his chief lieutenant Ed Slade. Knowing the railroad is coming thru the Halliday ranch, Kinney is having Halliday's cattle rustled to keep him from paying off his note. When Lucky arrives and buys some of Halliday's cattle, Kinney has Halliday robbed. But Lucky can identify the money and suspecting Kiney, has a plan that will trap him.
3843 ::: Don't Breathe (2014) ::: In Georgia a man in his 40s, Levan, is waiting in a clinic for an MRI examination. He needs to find out what's causing the pain in his shoulder. He's nervous. By the time he leaves the hospital he's not the same man. His anxiety quickly spreads to his wife and well-meaning friends. The family courtyard becomes the scene of an informal advisory council, where everybody suggests magical cures and must-see specialists. Soon Levan's savings are gone. He's scared of losing his job, his heath and his wife, who has started to come home later and later. But suddenly, out of nowhere - a serendipitous event occurs.
3844 ::: Rückwärts (1980) ::: The whole film was shot with a camera running backwards. The plot deals with the inversion of the dimension of time, with a world in which time suddenly moves backwards. Only one slightly secluded bachelor - Otto Trebert - has not yet caught on to this strange development. He alone continues to move forward and because of this abnormality he gets involved into terrible difficulties. One day he decides to do something against it.
3845 ::: Sisters & Brothers (2011) ::: Four separate sets of stories about Vancouver based siblings are told. Rory has just flown down to Los Angeles to spend time with Justin, his Hollywood movie star brother. Rory once had minor success in Hollywood as an actor, and encouraged Justin to give Hollywood a try. Once close, their relationship has changed by Justin's stardom, especially as Rory tries to find his place in the world. Jerry, a schizophrenic, is at a crossroads in his life. As such, his sister, Louise, feels that she needs to take care of him, especially as he was her protector when they were growing up. Louise would like to tell Jerry what she really thinks but doesn't know if she is brave enough to tell off a mentally ill person. Their relationship has an added complication in Ringo, Jerry's new ageist lawyer. Nikki doesn't see her older half sister Maggie much, only when Maggie calls whenever she is in trouble and needs help. Nikki, a struggling actress, would like a "Nikki" in her life, which she really needs as she deals with Henry, a so-called producer willing to give her her big break. And seventeen year old Sarah, an only child, has troubles communicating with her mother, Marion, the two who each feels the other takes up every ounce of emotional space in their household. The arrival of thirty-something South Asian Sita into their lives may show both what they have been missing in their relationship.
3846 ::: Tales from Beyond (2010) ::: From the ground breaking television series to feature film comes "Tales From Beyond". Three chilling tales from the mind of Mike Stanley, who unleashed such horrors as "Dead is Dead: The Directors Cut" and "MichiGRIM". This film takes you back to the days of the drive-in movie with Screaming Dead Flesh, I Eat Dead People and Dead Things. Complete with drive-in intermission trailers. It's Old School Horror at it's best!
3847 ::: Lisbon Revisited (2014) ::: A dreamlike journey seen through the eyes of a trans-human as well as a kino-symphony of voices from the multiple personas of Fernando Pessoa, Lisbon Revisited shows alternative ways of looking at and hearing the city. Celebrating its greatest phantom and confronting his ambiguous and pervasive sexuality, the film is spoken in the three languages in which Pessoa wrote, Portuguese, English and French.
3848 ::: I Am Sorry Mathe Banni Preethsona (2011) ::: A man's disparaging remarks about a woman's morals lead to a series of unexpected revelations. Shyam (Prem Kumar) is happily married to Chetana (Karishma Tanna) when he happens to meet Sinchna (Sanjaana) who runs a brothel. When he insults Sinchna, she issues him a moraility challenge that Shyam accepts.
3849 ::: Mama Sweetie (2011) ::: The true story of Patricia Sawo, a Kenyan woman living with HIV/AIDS founded an orphanage located in Africa in Kitale, Kenya. This a sanctuary that offers food, shelter and schooling. Patricia says, 'There is hope in my story and that is what I want the world to see'. Her personal experience has been transformed into a mission of love and compassion for many children living in and around Kitale with little or no hope.
3850 ::: Munnudi (2000) ::: Day-to-day practice of any religion goes as per the customs evolved through interpretations of religious tenets which, in essence, strongly advocate certain basic values for enhancement of quality of life for all beings. However, we do find instances of "intelligent" interpretations of these very tenets by unscrupulous people to serve their own interests. One such instance is the exploitation of woman for the sheer thrill of man in a male dominated society taking advantage of the 'custom' of 'marriage' particularly when the woman is struck by ignorance, fear and poverty.
3851 ::: Kya Tum Ho (2006) ::: A young widow and young software engineer try to navigate through their eventless 'ordinary' lives in an attempt to exorcise scars of a violent past. The film explores how internet's virtual world is positioned in the lives of Indian lower middle class. Internet chat serves in the film as a platform for the protagonists, who live through half-truths, falsifying their gender, their lives cross paths in real and move towards a dramatic climax. KYA TUM HO interweaves the story of three protagonists, Dr. Pande, an academician, Anita, a young widow and Amrit a young man, trying to navigate through their eventless solitude and bear the weight of being 'ordinary'. The narrative of the film flows in different times and spaces, from present to past and real to virtual. The plot becomes a collage of the protagonists' struggle to exorcise the scars of a violent past and attempts to belong to somebody meaningfully. Dr. Pande, struggles to overcome the accidental death of his wife and accusation of being a pedophile. Anita is haunted by betrayal in love and a violent marriage that ends in the death of her husband. Amrit, a semi trained computer engineer, manages an Internet café and pursues his love for a young woman suffering from schizophrenia. Unable to find a credible place in the real, Dr. Pande, Anita and Amrit seek refuge in the virtual world of Internet. The make believe world of the protagonists is set against their mundane life devoid of any larger than life grand actions or purpose. The story deals with contradictions in the lives of people who are vulnerable and strongly driven by their survival instincts. They seek to build layers of glamour and grandeur in their otherwise lack lustre lives in this make- believe world. They chat with each other on the net with false gender and glamorised identities. They play with eroticism, deceit and solitude. Internet chat serves in the film as a platform for multitude of non-dynamic ordinary people who live in a society that has so few opportunities for people to interact constructively outside family or professional spheres. As Dr. Pande, Anita and Amrit tease and cheat each other on the net; steadily these relationships become more serious. Eventually their lives cross each other's path. As the story moves on Pande, Anita and Amrit try to give their virtual relationship a real form, seek a believable future. They try to resolve their dilemmas in grey zones of morality. They lead their lives through half-truths at best and towards a dramatic climax.
3852 ::: Il a gagné ses épaulettes (1981) ::: Richard Vermette, en haut d'un poteau pendant un mois, réfléchit sur la vie et la mort. Elzéar Duquette a fait le tour du monde en traînant son cercueil. Un homme parvient ŕ envoyer un jet d'urine par-dessus un autobus. Un autre doit se faire insulter pour parvenir ŕ croquer puis ŕ avaler son verre de bičre. 'Il a gagné ses épaulettes' est un road movie dans un monde d'exhibitionnistes ignorés des médias officiels.
3853 ::: The Seduction of Eve (2009) ::: Eve is the story of a woman in an abusive relationship, subconsciously looking for escape. The movie exposes Eve's true inner strength and her ability of empowerment. As dramatic events unfold around her she begins to see the dark unhappy relationship she has trapped herself in and begins to develop a need to escape.
3854 ::: New Mexican Rain (????) ::: Rain is an 11 year old girl who is interested in sex and pleasing men. She constantly reads about it in magazines, and when a teacher gives Rain some friendly attention, Rain puts her studies to work. But her teacher rejects her and instead has an interest in Rain's mother, Estelle. Rain's parents, Estelle and Harry, are divorced, both with different intentions in life. Estelle, wanting to put her family together again, and Harry, who spends most of his time sleeping with younger women and being the life of the party. While Echo, Rain's younger sister, looks up to Rain and has no idea what's happening with Rain or her parents.
3855 ::: Dolores & Remedios (2016) ::: Short documentary witch tries to motivate you to do what you really love. This film has different testimonies of professional and other artist from Málaga, Barcelona, Bilbao or New York City. Everbody need to fight for what they want to do, their passion. It is not only a dream, it's real.
3856 ::: Surreal: A Glance at a Land That No Longer Exists (2006) ::: At first glance, it seems almost normal. But look further, the villages are nearly empty, the flags are ripped, the produce rotting. This is the Gaza Strip, one month before the destruction of the Israeli villages. The 20 settlements are almost silent as they form the unlikely backdrop and the focus of a Canadian road trip. Both former Israelis, two old friends decide to take a farewell journey. What can they find there? Surreal: A Glance at a Land That No Longer Exists offers us a look past the news clips, the soldiers, and the concrete barricades, with a glance at lost possibilities and living hopes. The Gaza settlements are gone - this time and place exists only on film and in memories.
3857 ::: off (2017) ::: A fresh, rhythmical film that offers a new experience by synchronizing actions to a beat. Erika (Mary Matsuyama) and Noriko (Hana Kinebuchi) enjoy talking about delicious food and shopping in Hawaii in spite of worrier Hitomi (Ryo Sato) saying she doesn't want to go. As an illustrator watches by, their chatter signals for her to begin drawing. In the corner of the restaurant, two boys are beatboxing. The chef takes part along with the waiter, and slowly by surely, everyone has joined the rhythm of the beat. There is a lot to know when visiting a foreign country. When Hitomi's doubts finally disappear, the audience will also learn something.
3858 ::: The Woman Who Brushed Off Her Tears (2012) ::: Two different mothers in two different worlds. The first one from comes from the western world, lives in France and after a tragic lost of her child is trying to continue living and find purpose of it. The other is coming from completely different world, very traditional, patriarchal society, where things change very slowly and where the women are married as exchange for money. The first one wants to die, the other wants to live. Their parallel paths converge when the one from the western society comes in the world of the other in the east. This intrusion turns, unintentionally and unconsciously into a very violent one.
3859 ::: Syria: the Challenge (2015) ::: Syria the Challenge is a creative documentary about a fake revolution, a fake civil war and terrorist war sponsored by the west and allies on a small independant country. It is apersonal point of view of different workers from Hom , Damascus, Aleppo etc.. who slowly and helplessly watch the descent to hell of their country
3860 ::: Fairview Falls (2011) ::: It was the summer after graduation when a small circle of friends set off into the woods on a dare and made their way to the creek where a series of ritualistic animal murders had been discovered. When they returned from they woods they were not alone. When the son of the town mafia boss is murdered, it sets off a chain of events that leads to the discovery of a new threat forged by the most sinister evil Fairview Falls has ever seen.
3861 ::: The Road to Funny (2003) ::: The Road to Funny follows a fledgling comedy troupe on a two-week tour through central Canada. The documentary captures the time, planning and dedication that it takes to make a troupe successful, and depicts the strain each member of the troupe experiences after a show. The Road to Funny also shows how the performances went: were the comics a success or did they go down in flames?
3862 ::: Un peu de chaos inexplicable (????) ::: The secret life of Marianne, a French-Greek translator of literature who is discovered missing, unfolds the dark side of an ideal marriage dragging her husband, a psychoanalyst, and her younger sister into an intricate search and a dangerous game that toys with their true desires.
3863 ::: Mathilde (2004) ::: When Colonel Pretis of the U.N. falls in love with Mathilde, a local girl, during the Balkans war, he lets his passion overcome his sense of duty and responsibility in a country torn by civil war. But his emotions and the beautiful Croatian seaside blur the tragedies of war... until they all catch up with him in the most fatal manner.
3864 ::: Fishing Trawler Craftsman (2011) ::: The story of Don (Grunts) Dosher, a master shipbuilder, born and raised in a fishing village on the banks of the Lockwood's Folly River in North Carolina. The documentary follow "Grunts" as he builds one last boat prior to retiring - his dream "thirties-style" shrimp boat. Enjoy his unique, laid-back lifestyle as you see life through his eyes, with observations from his friends and family. The building of the boat becomes symbolic of his life...
3865 ::: Väikelinna detektiivid ja valge daami saladus (2013) ::: In a quiet resort town Haapsalu four kids are spending their summer holidays together. Suddenly they are dragged into events that started in the 15th century in the local bishop's stronghold. The children must solve a difficult mystery of a clock robbery and they have to find a treasure that has been lost for centuries and contains a formula of making gold.
3866 ::: Min vän Elsa (2006) ::: Elsa grew up during the 1920's in Sweden. Hers was an unstable home marked by poverty and hardships. Her mother grew frustrated as her children entered their teens and when Elsa and her sister came home late on Midsummer's Eve in 1936 her mother complained to the authorities. Child Welfare Services took custody of Elsa, her brother and two sisters. Her siblings were placed in foster homes, but Elsa had a speech impediment and was instead committed to a mental institution. For 31 years Elsa remained behind the locked doors of the institution. Deprived, abused, the victim of medical experiments and enforced sterilization, Elsa has every reason to be bitter and angry. Instead Elsa knows how to savor each day, finding joy in simple pleasures like tasty apples, pretty pictures and friendly people. "It's much easier to be happy than to be bitter," says Elsa. She is a familiar face at auctions, church functions and parties. Wherever she goes she has a kind word to say to the people she meets whether they are friends or strangers. Once considered to be "mentally deficient," Elsa has lived on her own for the past 45 years even doing her own taxes. She has a talent for poetry and a remarkable memory for details. Today she is an enthusiastic, vibrant and talented woman who lives life to the fullest to make up for so many lost years. Hers is a story of endurance and tears, triumph and laughter, and the joy of living.
3867 ::: Dave Matthews Band: Plugging the Gap (2003) ::: The most successful cult act ever, The Dave Matthews Band have somehow managed to side-step all of the usual routes to stardom and have instead used talent alone to promote their records and live shows into the super league.Now, several albums into a career showing no signs of decline, the story behind this incredible band's success is told on film. Plugging The Gaps is a sixty minute documentary on DMB which goes behind the music to reveal what it is that makes these guys do what they do, and appeal to millions in the process.
3868 ::: Bitchkram (2012) ::: Kristin counts down the days to her high school graduation, when she'll finally get to leave her small town and her manipulative sister behind, for the New York of her dreams. Everything is perfect, and the local paper has promised to publish Kristin's columns about the city that never sleeps. But Kristin misses her flight and, to escape total humiliation, instead ends up hiding out at the house of the peculiar young girl Andrea, far out on the countryside. In this house of Nowhere, Kristin brings Andrea along to the pulsating heart of New York on a big virtual adventure which she chronicles for everyone at home to follow. But then reality comes knocking.
3869 ::: Sex & Asparagus (2003) ::: At a restaurant, we eavesdrop on the conversations of several pairs of people and one threesome. A man tells his date straight up what he wants and she replies with a devastating critique. A woman tells her mate that she wants a vibrator to spice up her life; he's defensive. A woman complains to a friend that her most recent date had too much foreplay. Two women talk to a guy who's a writer: one is his girlfriend and she suggests he drink less. Her friend listens. Two men talk about one's recent brush with homosexuality. When the evening ends, will there be any re-pairings?
3870 ::: "Human, All Too Human" (1999) ::: Human, All Too Human is a three-part 1999 documentary television series co-produced by the BBC and RM Arts.[1] It follows the lives of three prominent European philosophers: Friedrich Nietzsche, Martin Heidegger and Jean-Paul Sartre.[1] The theme revolves heavily around the school of philosophical thought known as Existentialism, although the term had not been coined at the time of Nietzsche's writing and Heidegger declaimed the label. The documentary is named after the 1878 book written by Nietzsche, titled Human, All Too Human: A Book for Free Spirits (in German: Menschliches, Allzumenschliches: Ein Buch für freie Geister).[2]
3871 ::: Great White Serial Killer (2013) ::: California's Surf Beach may be haunted by a serial killing GREAT WHITE shark that returns every two years, on virtually the same day, to kill. The trauma has taken a toll on locals who've abandoned this idyllic surf spot, that's suddenly become one of the "sharkiest" places on Earth. The key to solving this mystery is a CSI-style forensic study of the cases, including analyzing the bite patterns left behind and DNA sampling of tooth fragments found in the victim. It will also require a harrowing, near fatal encounter with possibly the largest great white ever caught on camera. Natural history producer Jeff Kurr returns to SHARK WEEK. Kurr and host Brandon McMillan sets out to examine two fatal shark attacks near Vandenberg Air Force base in California and uses evidence found at both sites to try to determine if one shark was responsible for both attacks.
3872 ::: Jun ci ha ma yan (2010) ::: In a historical village of China, poor Mr Tian accidentally unearths priceless antique ink-stone that used by the Emperor of Song Dynasty thousand years ago. News quickly reaches the nation, while Mr Tian enjoys his fame trouble is also getting closer.
3873 ::: Os Tarados (1983) ::: In 1953, the boy Lauro witnesses from the wardrobe where he is hidden, his mother Teresa being raped and accidentally murdered by Ferreira. In the present days (1983), Lauro abducts Ferreira's daughter Miriam to revenge the death of his mother with the intention of killing Miriam. Meanwhile, a gang led by Careca abducts Lídia, the daughter of the businessman Mr. Lopes, with the intention of obtaining the payment of a large amount of ransom. However, one of the criminals rapes Lídia in a hotel room on the eighth floor of a low-budget hotel and the woman commits suicide, jumping off through the window. Lauro switches Lidia's identity by Miriam's. Mr. Lopes raises the amount to release his daughter while Ferreira hires gangsters to seek out his daughter. The criminals chase Careca's gang by mistake believing that they have kidnapped Miriam. Meanwhile, Lauro and Miriam fall in love with each other.
3874 ::: Lost Seoul (????) ::: Separated from his family, six year old Jin eventually gives up on them coming to find him and puts all his energies into making his life a success. But as a successful adult, the memories are beckoning and he makes the journey he has been too afraid to make to return to Seoul and find out what happened to them.
3875 ::: The Maestros of Sperlonga (????) ::: Hoping to revive his stagnating career, a documentary filmmaker travels to Sperlonga Italy to film an internationally renowned painter. He soon discovers the eccentric artist to be a narcissistic sociopath whose snobbish manners and condescending personality threaten to derail the project and ultimately, his own chance for fame by association.
3876 ::: Sense & Sentability (1998) ::: For millions of years, herbivores and carnivores have competed in the race of evolution. Over time, they developed more and more specialised features, survival techniques and superior sensory abilities. They can see, smell and hear what we cannot, way beyond natural human experience. Telescopic vision. Advanced radar. Instant, wireless communications. Animal e-mail. Graphically illustrated in 3D, and filmed by the world's top wildlife cinematographers, Sense and Scentability explores the animal evolution and the phenomenal world of animal's super-senses. Dramatic footage of the hunters and the hunted, and their advanced mechanisms of defence and attack, in Africa's great wilderness areas.
3877 ::: The Window (2015/II) ::: This is not a full-length short film, but, if it were, the premise would be this: Everybody has seen a reflection in a mirror or window before, but has anyone ever stopped to question if it was something other than a reflection? What if we all had just witnessed another...place, if you will. What if a window or a mirror wasn't just one-way? What if we were actually seeing something somewhere else?
3878 ::: Hammond Meets Moss (2010) ::: In a frank and candid interview on the eve of the 2010 British Motorsport Hall of Fame, Top Gear presenter Richard Hammond sits down with racing legend Sir Stirling Moss to talk about the crashes that changed their lives and the complexity of the human brain. Interviews with the women who lived through the crashes with these extraordinary men, Sir Stirling's then PA Val 'Viper' Pirie and Richards wife Mindy offer a deeper insight into the impact the events had on those around them. Frank conversations with neurological experts Dr Sid Watkins and John Holloway help illustrate how very little we know about the wonder that is the human brain. A compelling and ultimately encouraging tale of two men, generations apart sharing a common experience that hopefully few will ever have to go through.
3879 ::: Polvere di Napoli (1998) ::: The title deliberatly recalls the famous L'oro di Napoli (Napoli's Gold) by Vittorio De Sica (1954). Alike De Sica's film here Naples is the real protagonist: Naples and its dust, not its gold. Through five episodes expressing different aspects of Naples, we have a picture of the town that doesn't belong to the postcard stereotypes... Story 1. Four friends play a card game "scopa"; two of them keep losing and at the end they lose themselves. Story 2. Teresa and Gigino, a young couple, wander in town while quarrelling. Finally they make peace and decide to get married at the Church of Carmine, just the two of them. Story 3. Two Argentinean tourists of Italian origin come to visit the archaeological site of Pompei but they find it closed owing to a strike. They manage to convince the custodian to let them in. The three establish a sort of complicity... Story 4. Mimmo Pezzella, whose idol actor is Richard Gere, wants to become an actor himself and to be able to participate to a "general", asks a widow Lit. 300,000 even threatening her to obtain what he wants... Story 5. Ciarli and Gerri are sax players at wedding parties. When finally they are invited to perform at a jazz festival, they find out that their saxes have been stolen. Obliged, nevertheless, to go onto the stage, they obtain a great success thanks to a comic sketch they manage to improvise...
3880 ::: The Offenders (1922) ::: Girl is held at mercy of gang of crooks, her only friend being a half-wit. A murder is committed and blame shifted to the girl. The half-wit has seen it but cannot remember. When he is cured, his testimony frees the girl. - Motion Picture New Booking Guide, April 1924.
3881 ::: Sabían demasiado (1962) ::: "El Grillo" acaba de salir de la cárcel. Lo primero que hace es dirigirse al "cuartel general" de su antigua banda, capitaneada por "El Seńorito". En la banda de "El Seńorito" los negocios no marchan bien. Cada vez es más difícil vivir sólo del hurto de carteras, y Don Rafael "El Cajero" -administrador de la sociedad- sugiere un cambio de método en su trabajo. Deciden que la mejor forma de aprender a dar golpes de mayor envergadura es enviando a uno de ellos a Norteamérica. Así, "El Seńorito" empieza un cursillo acelerado de inglés en 20 días, enamorándose de la profesora, a la que miente sobre su trabajo y sus proyectos, y finalmente se marcha a Chicago...
3882 ::: Zaza (1915) ::: Zaza is a music hall star in Paris. She meets Bernard Dufrene and a flirtation develops into an intense love on her part. She is in despair when she discovers that he already has a wife and child. To visit them and announce herself as the mistress of the husband and father is her first idea, but the charm of the child restrains her. She cannot strike the blow and passes off her visit with an improvised excuse. She dismisses Bernard and returns to the stage, where she gains real fame as a dramatic artist. Once more he seeks her, but again the memory of the child saves her to her better self. Moving Picture World 1915.
3883 ::: Lately I Wonder (2008) ::: The Plush Interiors music video "Lately I Wonder" featuring Linda Good and James Combs, directed by Michael Klima, shot in historic downtown Los Angeles, CA. Director Klima used cutting edge visual effects, for Eyestorm Productions. Music written, produced and performed by Linda Good & James Combs.
3884 ::: One Short Ride (2012) ::: A father makes one bad decision the night before he's planning to take his daughter on the ATV trip of a lifetime. His bad judgment nearly costs him his life; the disappointment his daughter suffers is nearly as bad. The one good thing that comes out of his mistake is his dedication to saving other people from making his mistake. One Shot Ride is a film that entertains and enlightens.
3885 ::: Hotel Imperial (1939) ::: It is the fate of a small frontier town, adjoining the no-man's-land where the Russians and Austrians are fighting out one of the final campaigns of World War I, to be occupied one day by the Russians, the next by the Austrians, and the inhabitants soon acquire a complacent view of the changing allegiances. To the town comes Ann Warschaska, intent on avenging the suicide of her sister, who has killed herself after being betrayed by an Austrian officer. She knows no more about his identity than the number of his room at the "Hotel Imperial". She gets a job at the hotel as a maid but soon combines this work with modeling, when an eccentric Russian, General Videnko, with a passion for painting asks her to pose for him. Breaking into the fatal Room 12, she finds Lt. Nemassey, a young Austrian officer who has taken refuge there after being separated from the army. Thinking him the betrayer of her sister, she plans to hand him over to the occupying-Russians, but relents when she learns that there are two Room 12's. The man actually guilty of the crime is a Russian spy who holds a commission in the Austrian army. Believing him to be a fellow-soldier in distress, Nenassey makes plans to help him escape, but finds out at the last minute that he is a Russian spy. A strange turn events allows Nenassey to aid Anna in her mission and rid his country of a dangerous enemy at the same time. General Videnko, meanwhile, is giving a grand-style banquet for the man who will never be able to attend another.
3886 ::: Die Konfirmation (2017) ::: Model pupil Ben Winkler deserves only proud support, yet understanding stepfather Felix, a devoted youth worker, can barely keep bossy mother Johanna Winkler from having a go at Ben when he announces, out of the family's atheist blue, he discretely joined the Lutheran church's catechism class to do his confirmation like most classmates. Though she rages at the 'invasive' pastor Tabea, Felix talks her over to join the parents' group. Regretting to have opted out of every great celebration herself, Johanna decides to show off Ben's confirmation, but can't afford it due to her casino addiction and refuses to let his happily married father Simon help out. Gentle, sensible Ben quietly deals, helped little, with Felix 'cheating' on his ingrate mother with Tabea, suspected-queer classmate Konstantin's appropriate attention, the gambling problem, a party getting out of hand and his own failed attempt to win a US scholarship, having confided only into grumpy grandpa Alex and next Felix, who suggests visiting Nepal together first.
3887 ::: "The Visit" (2007) ::: This comedy is set entirely in the visiting room of the prison HMP Radford Hill, where cunning and mischievous inmates do dodgy drug deals and snatch conjugal rights whilst their loved ones visit. All this activity happens under the watchful gaze of a bunch of bored and lazy Prison Officers doing the bare minimum to get the job done.
3888 ::: The Office: A XXX Parody Episode 2 - The Best Week Ever (2010) ::: This is the Best Week Ever: on Monday, Michelle encourages race relations between Stan and Candy. Tuesday Jimmy makes Dwayne believe his desk is invested with squirrels. He and Sam provide the appropriate noises. Wednesday Reed orders five dozen cock-rings in Michelle's name, which turns on Kylie. Thursday: Dwayne complaints about Jimmy to Michelle, who offers him a massage. Friday: Michelle shows a video of all of the above on her phone to her CFO's Dave and Jenny.
3889 ::: Angel Citizens (1922) ::: "Angel City is a misnomer. A gang of outlaws is largely in control and when Isabelle Bruner's father is mysteriously killed the sheriff decides to get busy. Frank Bartlett, an idler who could afford to be idle, appeared in town and took Isabelle to the country ball. In search of a new thrill, he decides to aid the sheriff, and the first thing he does is to scare away the would-be robbers of the stage coach. This is only the beginning of a dramatic career which ends in his bringing home the honors, and winning the girl." Moving Picture World, 5 Aug 1922
3890 ::: Even Trade (2004) ::: Childhood friendships mean nothing, when power and money come into play. There are brothers, and then there are best friends. Bonded in crime, now divided in their deep desire to become legitimate. Is Blood really thicker than water? Or, will water wash the blood away? Who stays in the street? Who stays uptown? Even Trade - When no deals a good deal.
3891 ::: War Dawgz (2006) ::: A small rag tag team of plastic building block figurines is thrown in to peril as an invading alien force destroys most of humanity. Once the initial battle is over, it becomes a race for survival as the alien force continues to hunt down and destroy the surviving members of the Alliance. Mankind's only hope for survival is a fighter squadron full of misfits and foul mouthed idiots known as the Dawg Squadron
3892 ::: Thomas & Friends: Railway Mischief (2013) ::: Cinders and Ashes! There's trouble on the tracks for Thomas and his friends. Gordon and Cranky don't want to listen to really useful advice from Paxton and Kevin. Scruff, Winston, and Stafford lose track of themselves, causing confusion and delay! Sometimes engines need a little help from their friends to chuff and puff full steam ahead! Featuring the episodes: Gordon Runs Dry, Kevin's Cranky Friend, Scruff's Makeover, Wayward Winston and Steamie Stafford. The UK release features two additional episodes: Bill or Ben? and Not Now, Charlie!
3893 ::: Sin Filtro (2016) ::: Pía (Paz Bascuńán) is on the verge of a nervous breakdown: Her boss humiliates her, her husband ignores her, her stepson does not respect her, and her best friend does not listen to her. Pía has a strong chest pain and after trying everything to heal she decides to undergo an acupuncture treatment. The Chinese doctor discovers that Pía's pain is caused by repressed feelings and with an ancient technique he takes out the filter. From now on, Pía will not filter and realize that the only way to heal is to say everything she thinks... which will not bring good results.
3894 ::: Wages of Sin (2007) ::: "Wages" is the story of a sting operation gone array and a botched assassination attempt that leaves Johnny "Trigger", AKA deep cover officer Nathan Matthews framed for aiding and abetting in the murder of undercover officers, Tarantino and Rodriguez and for the slaughter of several FBI agents. To clear his name he must go on the run. Not knowing who to trust Matthews befriends Teresa, a hooker who wants out of the street life. As luck would have it she's got the goods on Nathan's previous mark, up and coming drug kingpin Eric Constantine. Matthews must find the dirty cops who betrayed him, protect Teresa, evade goons, hit teams, and an infamous assassin called "Mona Lisa".
3895 ::: Rascals (1938) ::: A Gypsy band takes lots of stuff but always in a good cause. Led by Jane Withers, they pick up a socialite (Hundson) who has amnesia. She works as a fortune teller and raises enough money for an operation to regain her memory.
3896 ::: Fish Tank (2009) ::: Mia, an aggressive fifteen-year-old girl, lives on an Essex estate with her tarty mother, Joanne, and precocious little sister Tyler. She has been thrown out of school and is awaiting admission to a referrals unit and spends her days aimlessly. She begins an uneasy friendship with Joanne's slick boyfriend, Connor, who encourages her one interest, dancing.
3897 ::: "Young, Clever & Libyan" (2016) ::: They're some of Libya's best and brightest - we follow 23 graduates from Benghazi as they embark on a year long management science course at Cambridge University in the UK. The idea is to bring back skills to help build Libya's scientific research base, but as the country descends further into civil war, what sort of situation will they return to?
3898 ::: Keeping in Touch (2007) ::: Artist Patrick Dillon has spent alot of time in Vietnam, Somalia, Northern Ireland and Iraq. This film, made entirely with stills photographs, is both a record of the artists relationship with the director and of a time in History when the world became better connected then ever before but with no one really talking to each other.
3899 ::: My Second Vote: Me-O-Mentary II (2016) ::: This documentary is a sequel to 2012's "My First Vote Movie", a documentary about a British-American's experience and perspective of the highs-and-lows of such a contentious election, what does the public stand for, and how Brexit and the 'special relationship' has to do with U.S. politics for 2016.
3900 ::: The True Story of Hannibal (2005) ::: One of history's greatest military leaders, at age nine Hannibal accompanied his father Hamilcar Barca on the Carthaginian expedition to conquer Spain. Before embarking, the boy vowed eternal hatred for Rome, his people's bitter rival. Twenty years later, in 218 BC, he left New Carthage (now Cartagena, Spain) to wage war on "The Eternal City" with an army of about 40,000, including cavalry and elephants. After crossing the Pyrenees and Rhone River, he traversed the Alps while beset by snowstorms, landslides, and hostile mountain tribes. This 2-hour special brings to life the story of the Carthaginian general who struck fear in all Roman hearts and wreaked havoc with his masterful military tactics, bringing the mighty Roman Republic to the brink of ruin. Archaeologists, historians, and military experts guide us through ancient Carthage and give insight into his military strategy up to defeat at Zama in 203 BC.
3901 ::: High Anxiety (1977) ::: Dr. Richard Thorndyke arrives as new administrator of the Psychoneurotic Institute for the Very, VERY Nervous to discover some suspicious goings-on. When he's framed for murder, Dr. Thorndyke must confront his own psychiatric condition, "high anxiety," in order to clear his name. An homage to the films of Alfred Hitchcock; contains many parodies of famous Hitchcock scenes from THE BIRDS, PSYCHO, and VERTIGO.
3902 ::: Cryptid (????/II) ::: Jesse Lannon served his country as a military operative, who was good at his job. That all changed one fateful day, when an extraction operation goes wrong. Jesse is taken captive behind enemy lines. A U.S. military patrol finds him a few days later in the middle of nowhere. When Jesse gets home, he is informed that his wife, and daughter are missing. The local authorities are no help. Jesse must embark in the search for his family alone. His desperate pursuit will lead him through many horrors, including the repugnant world of human trafficking in Mexico. Jesse is not dealing with mortal evil, but something much bigger, more sinister, something that threatens to utterly destroy his soul.
3903 ::: "Ainsi soient-ils" (2012) ::: Political intrigue surrounding a Paris Capuchin monastery describes only one aspect of "Ainsi Soient-ils (Churchmen)". It's not overly melodramatic, and, while respecting the core humanitarianism of Christianity, it pulls no punches lambasting church hierarchy. The series follows the lives of five seminarians and the power struggle between the seminary head and his superiors in Rome, as well as the dissonance of a medieval religious institution in a modern, secular society.
3904 ::: Moy paren - angel (2012) ::: A romance fantasy humorous situations cleverly made, with a perfume of youth and romance modern, in which prejudice and Christian spirituality are not lacking in a medley that culminates with hope and confidence that up there somebody loves nothing not by chance.
3905 ::: Fronte Kurdistana (2015) ::: Anarchy and war have engulfed the Middle East. It is hard to tell, how the wars will evolve but one thing is sure - the Middle East as we know today will be forever scared by the rivers of blood. Meanwhile, the ancient struggle for independence of the Kurdish people rises from its ashes. Their population is estimated at 30 - 40 million. They are the largest nation without a country of their own, scattered between Turkey, Iran, Iraq and Syria. The Kurdish people are currently at war with the Islamic State, which is trying to take their territories, the most famous battlefields being Syrian Kobane municipality, Kirkuk province and Mount Sinjar, both in Iraq. Slovene war correspondent Erik Valencic has visits this parts on his own, with a camera in hand. Together with Kurdish fighters he spends days at the front lines and manages to get into the middle of fighting against IS - a feat no other reporter has achieved. Fronte Kurdistana will take the viewer to the heart of Iraq and Syria civil wars and present the longstanding Kurdish struggle for independence in the most dangerous part of the world. (2015)
3906 ::: American Ghost Hunter (2010) ::: Paranormal investigator and documentary filmmaker Chad Calek (Guest Star and Director of A&E's Paranormal State and The Ghost Prophecies) returns to his hometown of Persia, Iowa in hopes to put an end to the 20 year reign of suffering that his family has endured due to an overwhelming amount of intense negative paranormal activity. Armed with the support and paranormal knowledge of best friend and paranormal investigator Ryan Buell (Star and Executive Producer of A&E's Paranormal State), as well as world renown psychic Lorraine Warren, who's also known for her work as the primary investigator in the Amityville case, Calek is determined to not only solve the mysteries as to why the paranormal phenomena initially began, but also to finally bring an end to the activity that has been tormenting his family for over two decades.
3907 ::: Honor Harrington (????) ::: Commander Honor Harrington's excitement taking command of her first light cruiser turns into a difficult challenge when political maneuvering in the Manticoran Navy gets her ship banished to the galactic backwater of Basilisk Station. The remote planet of Medusa turns out to be a hotbed of smuggling, military espionage and aliens on the edge of rebellion. Determined to discharge her duty despite her small ship's limited resources, Honor uncovers a secret plot that threatens her homeland. Her outmatched starship is forced to take on more powerful forces in deadly space battle that could change the fate of empires.
3908 ::: Dancing in the Forest (1988) ::: Sy Winter, a young idealistic American, becomes stranded high in the mountain woods. Attracted by the beautiful Tanya, he is trapped into working for her violent husband and his decrepit wheelchair-bound father. As the ominous surroundings deepen his tortured desires for Tanya, his fantasies become reality and Sy is plunged into a nightmare of murder and revenge from which he cannot escape until he faces his own tortured nightmares.
3909 ::: Official Denial (1993) ::: A man who claims to have been abducted by aliens is also abducted by a top secret government agency, the Majestic Group, who want him to attempt to communicate with the only surviving alien from a UFO shot down by the Air Force. Telepathically, the alien tells him it must be returned to its ship, where it will reveal a secret vital to the future of the planet.
3910 ::: Queer Transnational Love in the time of Social Media and Globalization (2017) ::: In this theoretical study in video form, the filmmaker analyzes the possibilities and impracticability of queer, transnational love. Using found footage, he retraces the story of his love with the research subject in an effort to work through the trauma of ending a relationship.
3911 ::: "The Wonder List with Bill Weir" (2015) ::: Amsterdam is an improbable city. Built on swamp land, it exists only by holding back the sea. A city of history and culture, it is perhaps better known as a mecca for tourists drawn by its tolerance of readily available sex and drugs. Bill Weir examines how Amsterdam will deal with rising tides --- of ocean levels caused by global warming and intolerance due to political extremism.
3912 ::: Way of Life (2005) ::: Vidyut, a casanova, one fine day leaves India for US, in search of pleasure and wealth; please he seeks, wealth he gains. But not without a cost. Little does he know, that the trail he has left behind is scrutinized by wolves. Wolves, that survive to be ruthless and are born to kill.
3913 ::: To Live in Peace (1951) ::: Set in an idyllic mountain village near Siena in Italy in 1804. The priest Don Geronimo and his flock go about their lives contentedly and peacefully, with illness and ill-will a rarity in the village. One day however, the French army arrives with a General on a mission to Don Geronimo which attracts nobles and lawyers and begins to cause greed and ambition amongst people in the village.
3914 ::: The Memphis Belle: The Final Chapter in Memphis (2008) ::: For almost 60 years the B-17 bomber, the Memphis Belle, called Memphis, Tennessee home. In Oct. 2005, The U.S. Air Force removed one of the most famous aircraft in the world from the possession of the City of Memphis because of the lack of public support. This is the story of 60 years of neglect, apathy and disinterest by the City of Memphis to one of it's most important icons. A documentary film that focuses on the history of the Belle in Memphis and emphasizes the final days and the volunteers who tried to keep another Memphis icon from disappearing.
3915 ::: Rudarska Opera (2006) ::: Milena, a young director, arrives to Bor, a small mining town in Eastern Serbia. Her aim is to set up Bertolt Brecht's "The Threepenny Opera" with local amateur actors. Different people come to the audition for this play. This documentary portrays their everyday lives, beyond the theater rehearsals.
3916 ::: Parterapi (2010) ::: Anders and Puk's dream has come true. They've finally bought their own house and at a real good price. Their teenage daughter might cheer up as she gets her own room in the basement. After a while the little family must admit that their house isn't in good shape and they need a professional constructor in order to fix it. The only problem is that they can't afford this, so to get the money for it they decide to lease the basement room to Ulrik, a couples counselor. Now they can get more money and unexpected counseling from this man.
3917 ::: "The Andy Williams Show" (1959) ::: Performing by himself after having previously starred with female vocalist June Valli, Andy Williams hosted this new summer program which mainly featured him singing favorite songs. In addition to Andy, many other performers also appeared on the show, with the acts tending to run toward adult music rather than the newfangled rock and roll.
3918 ::: Batman: Arkham Origins - Blackgate (2013) ::: The epic sequel to Arkham Origins, the Dark Knight has to go back to Blackgate to face the most dangerous criminals once more. The prison is the Penguin's, Black Mask's, and Joker's playground, hence Batman will have to save the day as hell breaks out thusly at Black Gate prison!
3919 ::: Palheiros da Praia da Tocha (2015) ::: This is the story of Palheiros (haystacks) of the beach Praia da Tocha, it's villagers and their way of living. The villagers are fishermen that developed their own fishing technique since the beginning of the nineteenth century. The Palheiros are their homes and the traditional fishing technique is called Arte Xávega. Praia da Tocha is now a touristic village and there are just a few fishermen that try to survive one day at a time.
3920 ::: Treasured Adventures (2011) ::: In early Fall of 1955, two children, Esther "Essie" Harris and Luke Harris, stumble upon a message in a bottle buried in the sand of their usual beach spot. The vintage bottle contains a map that looks as if a kid drew it. Essie determined to find the treasure drags her brother along for ride... only to get lost and have the map ripped into pieces. The map leads them to an old cigar box that contains Indian pennies, a sling shot, and a vintage necklace. The last item that sticks out to them most is a kid that is dressed up in front of an old farm house that is right around where they live. They travel to his house to find out how they can become a part of his pirate crew. The real adventure though lies in the hidden mystery of who Sonny really is and what the treasures true meaning is.
3921 ::: Stille Stadt (2015) ::: An experimental feature which depicts the state of contemporary urbanity through an Everyman on the verge of a mid-life crisis, who goes through his life of routine both stricken and sustained by opera arias which stand in for his thoughts and emotions that only he (and the audience) can hear.
3922 ::: Galveston (????/III) ::: Galveston, Texas. After a tragic event during a tour in Afghanistan, a war-torn Army Ranger, William McCall (Call), returns home to rebuild his life. Living day-by-day, his recovery is thrown off course when his service weapon is stolen. As a category 5 hurricane threatens to hit the Gulf Coast, Call is forced into a desperate search to find the gun before it falls into the wrong hands or gets lost to the storm forever.
3923 ::: The Launch: Releasing the Film 'The Golden Compass' (2008) ::: Mainly a depiction of Richards' journey through the insane press junkets of the Cannes Film Festival and, ultimately, the world premiere of the film. The sheer amount of hoopla and much ado is enough to make anyone extremely cynical about the superficial glitz of the film industry.
3924 ::: The Misappropriation of Kelly (1998) ::: When Kelsie introduces her friend Kelly to Jessica, a hot new casting director, little does she know that Jessica harbors a grudge against Kelly for unknowingly stealing her boyfriend. Under the guise of realistically testing the lovely actresses, she binds and gags them securely, then tells them they've been kidnapped and held for ransom. Will the buxom beauties live to act in another bondage film?
3925 ::: Battletoads (1991) ::: While escorting the fair Princess Angelica across the galaxy and back to her home, the Princess grows bored. To appease her, the biggest Battletoad, Pimple, takes her off the 'Toads' ship for a joyride in a small space cruiser. Unfortunately, this allows their deadly nemesis, the Dark Queen, to kidnap Princess Angelica, and in doing so she kidnaps Pimple too. The other two 'Toads, Rash and Zitz, are furious and vow to get their friend and the Princess back no matter how many obstacles they must face.
3926 ::: "Nemocnice na kraji mesta" (1977) ::: A brilliant TV series following the lives of medical personnel at the orthopaedic ward of a hospital at the end of the city. Strong characters, believable plots, balanced humour and drama, high attention to detail and medical accurancy made the series part of Czechoslovak TV heritage. Remains popular in central Europe since first released in 1978.
3927 ::: Ce sacré Amédée (1957) ::: A singer cancels her concert in Cassis ;her manager asks a beginner,our hero,Amédée,to replace her ;on his way to Cassis town (near Marseille),he meets a group of young tourists ,a peasant with his donkey-drawn cart,a country priest,a wealthy graybeard who falls for guitar-strumming Cigale ,who happens to be the female singer who called it a day to have a vacation.
3928 ::: Bottom Dollars (2016) ::: "How would you like to work for two weeks, and come out with a $6 check?" That's the reality for almost 250,000 Americans with disabilities who are paid below the minimum wage. This film exposes this exploitative system and offers solutions to end segregation and discrimination against workers with disabilities. A version with audio description is also available.
3929 ::: "The Big Picture" (2007) ::: "Art is not made for museums - it's made to be part of people's lives," asserts Hamish Keith, iconic arts commentator and presenter of The Big Picture. This series tells the story of New Zealand art from earliest rock drawings to the present day. For the first time, viewers will be able to watch a substantial series documenting in detail some of the most significant art works of our history. The six one-hour episodes were several years in the making. Keith presents a personal, and at times controversial, view of New Zealand's cultural history, showing how artworks reflect the way we have shaped our lives. Eschewing 'art speak' in favour of plain language, Keith explores pivotal moments in our history through artworks that reflect the world in which they were made. The series documents an encounter between cultures and their development across the next centuries. Keith confronts New Zealand's 'cultural cringe' and the impact it has had on it's art history.
3930 ::: Crashing Thru Danger (1936) ::: Three electric-company linemen--Torchy, Slim and Eddie--are constantly reprimanded by their supervisor, "Pop" Foster, for their behavior, which is a bit too "happy-go-lucky" for Pop's tastes. On the day that Pop gets his 25-year service pin and is to retire, the crew is called out on an emergency repair call. When Pop goes down into a manhole to see what the problem is, Torchy's negligence causes an explosion, and Pop is killed. The three decide to take care of Pop's pretty young daughter, Ann, by having her move into their house and be their housekeeper. It's not long, however, before each of them begins to fall for Ann, and Ann has the same feelings for one of them. Complications ensue.
3931 ::: "Inside Politics" (1992) ::: CNN's Larry King Live show is prime time destination viewing for millions of households worldwide. Anchor Larry King interviews news makers and CNN correspondents on a variety of topics. This episode features a discussion of CNN correspondent Christiane Amanpour's exclusive interview with First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton in Skopje, Macedonia.
3932 ::: "Pay Cards!" (1969) ::: This was a game show structured around five-card poker hands. Two contestants plus a celebrity playing for a charity competed against each other to build the best five-card hand from a stripped deck of cards (most often 20; occasionally 16). Three games would be played during the course of one show with the second game having different themes (strategy (similar to five-card stud), wild cards, etc.). In a standard game, players would choose three cards initially, and if there was a pair among them, they would keep those cards. If there was no pair, play would pass to the next player. If there was at least a pair, that player's turn continued. One card would be chosen and the player could either keep it or turn it down. Play continued until time was called, at which point all hands needed to be completed. If two players completed their hands before time was called, the third player had to do so immediately. Payoffs were $10 for one pair; $30 for three-of-a-kind; $50 for a full house; $100 for four-of-a-kind; and $150 for five-of-a-kind during wild card games. (Flushes didn't count.) At the end of the show, the player with the highest cash winnings played a bonus round in which they had to pick out one card chosen by spinning a wheel out of a 12-card deck. All cards were shown for 12 seconds to allow the player to memorize their positions. If the card was found, a bonus prize would be awarded. Contestants kept their cash winnings. If the celebrity wound up with the most cash, a name from the studio audience was drawn and that person played in the bonus round.
3933 ::: Daddy, Darling (1970) ::: A young Danish girl (Helli Louise) seduces everything in sight after daddy (Ole Wisborg) refuses her naughty come-ons. She'll have a lesbian affair with her teacher, pretend that her teenage boyfriend is dear old dad and finally get to her stepmother (Gio Petre)
3934 ::: Hidden Danger (1948) ::: Rancher Terry Mason's cattle are scattered by James Carson's henchmen after his refusal to join the latter's crooked Cattlemen's Protective Association. Mason's ranch-hand, Perry, is secretly working for Carson, and he blames the raid on the Russell outfit. Meanwhile, Russell, packing company owner, sends for his ace trouble-shooter, Johnny Mack, to help combat the Carson gang. When Mason accuses Russell Russell of the raid, Johnny, in pretended anger, quits Russell and, with his sidekick, Juniper, works with Mason as an investigator. Carson has his visiting niece, Valerie, befriend Mason in the hopes she will convince Mason to join the association. Johnny saves Mason's foreman, Alibi, when Carson's henchmen, led by BENDA, attempt an ambush. Johnny wounds Trigger, Carson's hired gunman, in a gun duel after killing another outlaw, Loop. Carson forges a letter to make it appear that Russell wants Johnny to wreck the association. The sheriff arrests Johnny and Juniper, but Alibi helps them escape. Meanwhile Velerie overhears her uncle and BENDA plot to ruin Mason's ranch.
3935 ::: A Pál -utcai fúk (1929) ::: A couple of boy gangs in Budapest constantly fight over the neighborhood turf. One of the Paul Street gang members is a highly sensitive youth that is humiliated and taunted by members of his own gang as they consider him somewhat of a sissy. In order to prove that he is not yellow and as part of a battle preparation he has to get wet in an icy pond. He does so, his gang wins, and they are about to confer an honor on him the next day, but he has died from getting wet the previous day.
3936 ::: Love 50% (2010) ::: The paths of two strangers - Haney, a free-spirited girl, and Wen Kai, a risk-averse insurance actuary - collide one Valentine's Day when they both walk into the same jewellery shop on the day the store is offering a 50% discount for couples, if they both shop at the store. Haney hatches a plan that they both pose as a couple to get the discount. But their plan backfires and throws them both into an adventure that proves that love lurks in the unlikeliest of places.
3937 ::: The Trials of Claus von Bülow (1992) ::: Guilty or not guilty? You be the judge. Danish-born aristocrat Claus von Bulow made headlines in the mid-'80s, when he was accused of trying to murder his hypoglycemic wife, Sunny von Bulow, by injecting her with a deadly dose of insulin. Prosecutors were convinced von Bulow wanted to murder his wealthy wife in order to inherit millions of dollars and marry his longtime mistress, Alexandra Isles, a former soap opera actress. In February 1982, von Bulow stood trial on national television for the attempted murder of his wife. The state's case rested on circumstantial evidence: a mysterious black bag filled with drugs; a maid's observations; and testimony from Sunny's two grieving children from her previous marriage. On March 16, 1982, von Bulow was found guilty and sentenced to 30 years in prison. However, the businessman decided to fight back and hired high-powered Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz to appeal his case. Dershowitz found inconsistencies in the medical and scientific evidence presented in the first trial. Two years later, the Rhode Island State Supreme Court reversed von Bulow's conviction. Despite the higher court's decision, von Bulow's worries were far from over. In 1984, the Attorney General of Rhode Island decided to try the case one more time. Armed with new medical evidence, his attorneys persuaded jurors that von Bulow was a man wrongly accused. In May of 1985, von Bulow was found not guilty. Von Bulow's acquittal was not the end of his legal woes. His stepchildren sued for $56 million in a civil suit. Later, von Bulow agreed to divorce Sunny and never speak or write about the trials. Today, von Bulow lives a quiet life in London. Sunny died December 6, 2008.
3938 ::: The Lounge People (1992) ::: Louis and Cynthia Lewis are an insanely rich couple suffering from an acute case of boredom on their private island estate. Louis produces his own version of "Moby Dick" to end the tedium and to get his mind off his recently-discovered ill health; meanwhile, his wife and the three-person staff engage in several sexual escapades with each other.
3939 ::: Maeght présente Malraux, Les métamorphoses du regard, Films, entretiens, exposition (2006) ::: A conversation in 3 episodes between French novelist, art theorist and former Minister of Cultural Affairs André Malraux, TV personality Pierre Dumayet and American Professor Walter G. Langlois about themes connecting art from Antiquity to our time, filmed in June and July 1973 at Malraux's home in France. Followed by a fourth episode consisting of an interview conducted by Professor André Parrot about Sumerian civilization and Malraux's "Imaginary Museum", and filmed on May 23, 1973 at the Maeght Foundation.
3940 ::: Children of Hope (2007) ::: Today some children make dangerous choices: Surrounded by crime, they chose gangs, drugs and violence. Other kids feel lonely and isolated, especially in broken families, and end up filled with despair. And every year, thousands of teens get so tired of struggling in school they chose to drop out. Gangs, depression, dropping out - could all three have something in common? A single word that is both the cause and the solution? "Without hope, life is not worth living. You lose the essence of who you are. Why am I here? Do I belong here? Do I have value?" says Cali Cali Vallejo. He works for Project MPACT, Miami Partnerships in Action and Community Taskforce. It is a small, but growing, experimental program on the front lines of a war against hopelessness. "Because when you give them that hope, and when you give them that carrot for opportunity, they take it," he says. These true stories are profiled in the TV special, Children of Hope. George Kolonias, 22, grew up in a dangerous part of downtown Miami. At 12 he joined a gang, at 14 he was selling drugs, and by 17 it was guns. His life changed when he got involved with Project MPACT Alexandra Reyes, 18, is a child of divorce. She hasn't seen her father since she was 4, and her mom spent so many hours working to provide for the family, Alex says she felt abandoned by her mother as well. She has tried to kill herself more times than she can remember. Lora Goudey, 17, used to be an A and B student. But then she started falling farther and farther behind in class, and soon she thought it would be so hard to catch up - that she just gave up. Connect with Kids programs feature real kids, true stories, experts and educators ... a way to help parents and kids start a conversation about the tough topics kids face every day.
3941 ::: Geet (1992) ::: Rajesh Tripathi lives a poor lifestyle in a village in India along with his widower dad, Shivshankar. He leaves his father so that he can study in Bombay. While there he becomes a fan of singer and dancer, Neha, and even paints hoardings for her shows. During the holidays, he returns home to his village and gets a surprise when he finds that Neha has also re-located there. His overtures to become friendly with her end up in getting the police involved for alleged molestation. After clearing his name, Neha then entraps him to accompany her to an isolated shack and locks him there, which almost kills him. After this incident Neha does accept his friendship and confides in him that she can never sing as she has been poisoned by her former manager, Hari Saxena, so much so that her vocal chords have been damaged repair. Rajesh accepts the challenge and sets about to resurrect Neha's voice and her career - not knowing that both of them may end up being targets of Hari - who has planned a devious ending for Neha and anyone who supports her. Neha is employ by Hari Saxena as a dancer and singer and has many fans. One night Hari attempts to sexually molest her but is unsuccessful; this perturbs him to mix a poisonous substance in one of Neha's eatable which damages her vocal chord resulting in the null of her voice making her unable to sing. She relocates to a distant village for solace and gets to meet one of her die-hard fan who also paints her hoardings for her shows Rajesh Tripathi alias Raja; who is reluctant to be friends with her but Neha is least interested and wants nothing to do with him. He continues to pursue her only to be belittle; then situations turn violent forcing her to finally accept his friendship. She confides her story to him and he arranges to have her career restore to her by risking his own life so that she can seek medical treatment to return her voice as well as arranges show to popularize her once again.
3942 ::: Lazarus Field (2013) ::: A time sculpture inspired by the Orpheus myth: a man's flesh burns from him and his memory of self is erased as walks across a black desert following the voice of a woman he loves. The installation exhibits as a series of independent, simultaneous projections.
3943 ::: Battle of Rabbit Town (2008) ::: Battle of Rabbit Town' follows local Leaders Clovis' and Carlos' campaign for two opposing politicians during the tough election for government of Recife, Brazil 2004. The Danish documentary presents a rarely seen look into the political back alleys of Brazil, where a vote can be bought for a t-shirt or a personal favor. And it shows how commitment and dedication thrives amidst despair and corruption. The power struggle in Rabbit Town mirrors a profound conflict in Brazil between the tradition of vote-buying and the struggle for genuine democracy. Through an intimate portrait of two local leaders, Battle of Rabbit Town raises fundamental questions about democracy and poverty, between ideals and reality.
3944 ::: "Sammy Larsen: Chowtime" (2016) ::: CHOWTIME with Samantha Larsen will explore everything we can do to improve our animal companions quality of life. Starting with what already has saved my dogs life: organic cooking and alternative medicine supplements. I will also be interviewing people that train work with service animals in all capacities! And of course fun stuff like like famous working actors and animal hero's.
3945 ::: Meathook Massacre II (2017) ::: 10 years after the events of the original film, a rash of new meathook-murders makes Dan suspect this may be the same Killer responsible for the death of his twin Sister and her friends. Taking matters into his own hands he tracks down the maniac in an underground cavern and not only comes face-to-face with the meathook wielding mongoloid, but his entire sadistic family as well!
3946 ::: Melissa (1995) ::: Melissa follows her dream of becoming a dancer all the way to New York City but finds when she gets there that reaching her goal might cost more than she is willing to sacrifice. In dire need of money, she becomes an exotic dancer in a strip club where a sinister love triangle puts both her heart and her life in danger. Nicole Eggert, Rosemary Forsyth.
3947 ::: I'll Never Let You Go (2017) ::: A psychological drama centered on a love story in which a man is trapped in an abusive relationship, constantly dealing with aggressive verbal and physical attacks from his girlfriend. Events take place to shake the quiet suburban town and make him realize he should break all ties with her.
3948 ::: Latinos '08 (2008) ::: Latinos defy many of our ideas about what an ethnic group is and how it behaves. Latinos '08, a one-hour PBS documentary, examines these new Americans through the prism of the 2008 presidential election. Latinos don't fit this country's black/white racial binary, and they are less cohesive than many other voting blocs. How are Obama and McCain trying to attract these unpredictable voters? And how is the immigration debate complicating their efforts? Is the Latino bloc already merging with the general electorate, as European ethnic blocs did before them? Or is globalism, not assimilation, the new model? In investigating such questions, Latinos '08 sheds light on an important part of our American future.
3949 ::: 24 in 24 (2009) ::: 24 Super fan Jenni Falconer counts down the 24 best reasons to watch television's finest suspense thriller in this special. Interviews with the cast, crew and creators get Jenni up close and personal to the show as she reveals her favorite things about 24. Full of memorable clips, revealing interviews and amazing 24 moments, this is can't miss viewing for any 24 fan.
3950 ::: Vie en images (1987) ::: The life story of Alicja Eber (Beata Pozniak), daughter of a well know Rabbi in Poland who was jailed for helping Jewish people during the war. After escaping to Italy she became one of the most sought after artists in Rome. The film was shot in Italy with the most famous art critics and the former Mayor of Rome. During her lifetime, Alicja Eber had corresponded with the Pope, and he subsequently allowed the filmmakers to do their post-production at the Vatican.
3951 ::: Dries (2017) ::: DRIES - an intimate Portrait of the Fashion Designer Dries Van Noten. This film offers an insight into the life, mind and creative heart of a Master Fashion Designer who, for more than 25 years, has remained independent in a landscape of fashion consolidation and globalization. Reiner Holzemer follows him for one year and witnesses the creation of four collections.
3952 ::: Reverb (2005) ::: Jeff Timmens is a New York journalist in trouble. His employment at the Central Music Network (CMN) will be terminated if his next work isn't Pulitzer material. Unfortunately, his boss sends him to Iopa, Iowa to document a story that is so ridiculous, it is sure to only get him fired: the National Karaoke Competition. Documenting several of the contestants' lives, Jeff finds that the life of "Kroakers" is far more interesting and eccentric than he could have ever imagined. Julie Reismann, Mary and Marty Eichenbach, and William Moynahan frequent the Hannibal's bar, while Rock Penesicci will only attend Stubbie's Pub. Determined to beat each other out for the coveted spots in the Starkroaker Host Invitational Talent Search (S.H.I.T.S.), when they all make it, the happy facades of the Midwest melt into a pot of backstabbing that is only rivaled in in the city's church. Bobby Jones Kingdom Tabernacle of Truth Church: where Bobby Jones bludgeons and brainwashes his congregants into believing that Karaoke is of the devil. But when the regional winners of the competition arrive to compete along side the Iopans for the coveted "Golden Kroak" microphone, the hapless Iowa natives realize that they may not be as prepared for the competition as they thought. Drastic and sometimes illegal measures are taken by all to ensure their possession of the highest prize in all of Karaoke. Meanwhile, Jeff, with his secretly placed secret cameras, documents the contestants' outrageous home life. From husband beating Cindy Moynahan to the Eichenbach's MWATS breathing techniques to Rock's mafia funded father, Jeff finds himself with a story that combines divas and domestic disturbances, baptizing and backstabbing, winners and wineos. It's a story whose telling could only be enhanced by one thing: reverb.
3953 ::: Deathwoods (2014) ::: A group of rowdy friends set out for an exciting weekend of partying, sex and camping in this violent 80s style slasher. Little do they know, the woods they've chosen for their debaucherous good time holds a deadly secret. A secret that will kill them all...
3954 ::: She's Got a Plan (2016) ::: If you gave yourself only thirty days to make your dream come true before throwing in the towel, just how would you order your steps? That's the premise of She's Got and Plan and the 30 day journey of Isis Angelo, a female writer-director trying to 'make it' in Hollywood. When we meet Isis she is a down-on-her-luck director whose struggles with life, love and career have come to a head. The story opens with a frustrated Isis who is approaching middle age knows that her window of opportunity for Hollywood success is rapidly closing. She works regularly on random productions, making enough to pay the rent, buy lean cuisines, and keep her classic Mercedes with just enough gas in it to make it to the next pitch meeting. She's tired of the rat race, the hustle, and all of the empty shallow people that populate power positions in the industry. She is tired of looking for real love with men who don't understand her and fed up with LA traffic stuck in her car feeling sidelined by life. Isis longs for the success that attracted her to the industry but realizes she is clearly at the end of her rope. Faced with the question - When do you give up on your dreams? Isis is forced to 'make something happen' and she takes all the money she has - including the rent money - and gives herself, her life, and her career 30 days to "make it" in Hollywood. The ensuing stress, drama, and hilarity derived from this self imposed deadline, develops as we follow Isis's days on the calendar, and her confessional video diary that she creates to document her final struggle. We are taken from counseling sessions with her truly ghetto friend to hilarious two bit reality shows, seedy production houses, horny execs, and the ever alluring Hollywood night life to a relationship with a "dream Kodak" boyfriend who of course is a dud. This comedic action enhanced by appearances of many recognizable members of black Hollywood is inter cut with serious, emotional scenes of Isis reflecting on her daily life, dealing with the worries and aspirations of her mother, and attempting to remain a real human being in a business increasingly filled with fake characters. Isis gets her big break when her heartfelt break up with her "Kodak" boyfriend is caught on a camera phone, posted to the internet and goes viral. However this is not the success she wants but instead of being defeated she finally deals with fears, her struggles and takes a leap of faith and moves beyond all the drama and her own deadline. Isis' story and character allows us form an intimate bond with her, which makes it easy to root for our heroine early on, even if we can't identify with her race or gender. The emotional connection we have with the main character only makes the odd situations and characters she runs across that much funnier. This emotional, comedic film, full of archetypes and actors that the entire country is familiar with is sure to tug the heart strings, and tickle the funny bone of audiences worldwide. A struggling writer/director gives herself an ultimatum: either make her dream career take off in 30 days or throw in the towel for good. But, will she be able to go against everything she believes to become everything she's always wanted to be?
3955 ::: Rocki Roads' Wet Dreams (1998) ::: Rocki Roads is back in her most sexually stunning film to date. Discover Rocki's inner most erotic desires and witness her secret erotic encounters, as we are taken to a forbidden encounter between a piano teacher and her student. Later we encounter an Asian goddess as her slave pleasures her. The two are joined by Rocki and we are taken to new sexual heights. We then move into a lavish bathing chamber to witness the most wet of all dreams. First in the shower then an encounter in a candle lit bath.
3956 ::: Emmerdale: The Dingles Down Under (1997) ::: When a young, wealthy Australian crashes (literally) into their lives and whisks them off to Australia, Mandy's thinking wedding bells, Zak looks for his long lost relative Crocodile Dingle, Vic and Terry find someone new to fight over and even Butch finds romance in the most unexpected of places.
3957 ::: Crazy in Love (2004) ::: An inept British police detective (International Martial Arts Star Matt Routledge) is given holiday leave when he fails in another drug bust. Heading for Thailand he falls in love with a 'Supermodel' (No.1 Thai supermodel Natcha Songsuwan) who he tries to woo in a series of mishaps and comic adventures. Superbly choreographed Kung Fu and stunning beautiful women are the order of the day!
3958 ::: Muli (2010) ::: An ex-seminarian slash communist runs a hotel in Baguio. He then meets a handsome upcoming lawyer. A once-a-year trip to Baguio by the lawyer and conversations with the hotel owner develop into an affair which encompasses decades of socio-political changes in the country.
3959 ::: Noticed (2009) ::: NOTICED is a short film with a lot to say and takes you into the life of Leo, a young man with a severe speech impediment, as he attempts to break out of his isolated world and reenter society.
3960 ::: Death and the Dancer (2010) ::: A Dancer in love with life, wakes up on a bench in Central Park and meets the Angel of Death, behind a tree. He tries to lead her into a dark tunnel, but she refuses to go and insists on showing him the joy of life in the park. She spends the day showing Death around and teaches him to dance. Death falls for the Dancer and finds it difficult to complete his mission, while the Dancer finally comes to accept her fate...
3961 ::: Ghostbusters: Battle for New York (2016) ::: There's something strange in the neighbourhood. Who they gonna call? You! Duty will soon call and you'll become the new recruit of the Ghostbusters team to help save the city. This high-stake and interactive ride will take you to the Temple of Gozer where you join an epic rooftop battle. Show off your ghost-busting skills in the shooting games and save New York City.
3962 ::: Bu su (1987) ::: Suzume moved in Tokyo where she will live in aunt's house, basically a geisha house. She have no interest in any social activity, nor any friendship with classmates. She's not into geisha life style too. When school is up to celebrate it's 100 year anniversary class have to prepare something for culture fest and, after chain of misfortune events, she decides to made it on stage with old dance, somewhat of her mothers legacy.
3963 ::: Dhandgad Dhinga (1999) ::: Lakshya and Mahesh are two friends who work as lawyers and have never won a case.Lakshya also loves gambling in court after work he is fed up with his mother in law as she interferes lot in his life.Lakshya and Mahesh get a case of a goon Tony Tapre they loose it as usual. In order win a case Lakshya makes lying as his weapon which works and further he doesn't manage to speak the truth.In a case when he decides to fight for justice by telling the truth no one believes him expect for Mahesh.
3964 ::: Making of 'Exklusiv' (1998) ::: This video-release work provides film fans with an in-depth, behind-the-scenes look at the making of the Swiss crime thriller, 'Exklusiv'. Includes interviews with the cast and crew of the movie, who give their personal takes on the experience of taking part in the film, and the effort that went into making the director's vision a reality.
3965 ::: Is There a Cure for My Friend (1995) ::: Two best friends take a mythical odyssey in search of a cure for a life-threatening disease. On their journey they experience the healing power of the four elements: water, air, fire and earth. Candid dialogue between the friends unearths both the weakness and the strength within their friendship. The one who is HIV positive learns to accept herself in a whole new way, the other faces the fear that has kept her away from her friend in need. With sensuality and depth that reminds the viewer of Jane Campion's early work, this uplifting film suggests that ultimately "the cure" lies within each one of us.
3966 ::: The Fugitive (2015) ::: "The Fugitive" is a short film made during 3rd year of college. It expresses an urge to talk about questions related to the present of this generation as well as a desire to get these feelings or this sensation out. An inner process with universal objectives.
3967 ::: "The David Frost Show" (1969) ::: David salutes 75 years of vaudeville with guests George Hamid Jr., producer of Hamid Circus, the dance team of McHarris & Dolores, xylophonist Ruth Daye, ventriloquist Glenn Haywood, illusionists Kramer & Company, Jack Durant and Hawaiian singer Poncie Ponce.
3968 ::: My Church Story (2012) ::: Our Creator gave us all a giant light inside us and it's our responsibility to plug ourselves into Him and let our light shine it's brightest, both IN and OUT of church. Both in PUBLIC and in PRIVATE. And when the world knocks us down, which it will, every day, that should only make us stronger by making us strengthen and further develop and nurture our faith in our Maker, in that positive, beautiful way, instead of making us weaker, letting it kill our hope and faith in humanity, and unity as Believers, who are-- one in purpose. Because together, genuinely and sincerely impassioned with that fire, that light, that joy and excitement for life, connection and God's Love-- We Rise. And that's the only way to fully let our light shine. So I say, let's get fired up and ready to go, be impassioned and rise up together with the flames of the spirit, of enthusiasm, of joy, everywhere and anywhere, all the time and any time, together and apart. Let's break the vicious cycle of darkness, by re-igniting the power of our hope, coming together-- and letting our light shine. This Little Light of Mine-- I'm gonna let it shine. Let it shine, let it shine, let it shine-- It's time we let our light shine.
3969 ::: Free Style (2008) ::: Cale Bryant is determined to win a coveted spot on the Grand National motocross racing team. With the support of his loving mother, precocious little sister and new girlfriend, Cale proves against all odds that he has the heart, the willpower and the courage never to give up on his dream.
3970 ::: "La esclava blanca" (2016) ::: "The White Slave" because Blood is the Same Color, is a production which narrates the story of Victoria, a woman who everyone knows as a marchioness who arrived in America to marry a prosperous merchant from the region. However, the truth is different, because years back in that same city, she was rescued from death and raised in secret by some slaves who became her family. She was taken from the arms of her loved ones and sent to Spain because according to the society of the time, a white woman could not live with slaves and was sent to a nunnery .
3971 ::: Baranov's Castle (2006) ::: The film introduces Baranov and his nemesis, Hagemeister, who has sailed to New Archangel to overthrow Baranov and implement naval rule. We see Hagemeister's ship rise from the ocean, unfurling its sails as the crew of sailors and the fearsome Angry Jack clamor to see the impressive home of Baranov perched on the bluff. Hagemeister's second in command, Yavonski meets Baranov's lovely daughter Irina and soon falls in love with her despite the fact that his commander is set on wresting her father's colony from him. As Baranov maneuvers to care for both the future of his colony and his daughter, the story unfolds in song and dialog, building to a spectacular finale. Shot on location in various breathtaking Alaska locations.
3972 ::: Prem Shakti (2002) ::: 'Prem Shakti' is the love story of Madhuri and Mohan. Madhuri is the daughter of a rich landlord while Mohan is a poor farmer's son. The difference of their status becomes the hurdle in their love life. Madhuri's wedding is fixed with evil Kunal. But, Madhuri marries Mohan. Mohan is beaten up by Madhuri's family and becomes handicap. Kunal tries to kill both of them but fails. Madhuri's devotion and prayers to Lord Shiva cures Mohan and her family members accept them.
3973 ::: Dead Reckoning (????) ::: A group of six college students head deep into the Sierra Nevada mountains for a week of summer fun and backpacking when they are stalked and tormented by a group of fundamentalist religious extremists who push them to the point where they must fight for their survival.
3974 ::: The Norfolk Woods (2016) ::: After the death of their father Sam and John Wells retreat to a remote lodge accompanied by their significant others and two close friends. Cut off from the rest of the world they begin to heal until one faithful night, when a friends disappearance coincides with the arrival of a deadly stranger, Their idyllic getaway is sent spiraling into a desperate attempt to survive.
3975 ::: Black Sunshine (????) ::: BLACK SUNSHINE tells the story of hairdresser, ROSEMARY KONADU, and her 12-year-old albino daughter, COCO. Rosemary longs to escape her frustrating African reality. She feels ashamed of birthing an albino child, and ironically, of her own Blackness. An insecure and disenchanted single mother, Rosemary relies on skin lightening products and unavailable men to escape her own reality. In hopes of rescue, Rosemary pursues a tempestuous love affair with JEAN SAVANT, a European man, only to find in him a merciless reflection of her own miserable existence. Unloved and neglected by her mother, Coco struggles to find her place in the world. A lonely wanderer, she finds solace in a mysterious boy, FORTUNE. Through Fortune, Coco explores what it feels like to belong and is tempted to follow his call into the world beyond. Black Sunshine examines albino Africans as tropes for cross-cultural identity while creatively engaging in representations of beauty and unbalanced power relations in the intricacies of everyday life.
3976 ::: "The Roommates" (2017/II) ::: When Keraun, Donnivin and D'Lai are suddenly gifted with super human abilities to disappear, read minds, and shapeshift, life gets a little more complicated and a lot more interesting. If they thought living in the same house was a challenge, try managing super powers and being Black guys. Hilarious shenanigans ensue, as this trio tries to live their old lives, while mastering their newfound talents. Meet, "The Roommates".
3977 ::: Project E.1337: ALPHA (2018) ::: When the world fell into chaos from an unknown bacteria, some safe zones began taking advantage of the less fortunate for their own gains. With resources dwindling and insurrectionists closing in, one safe zone planned to change warfare forever.
3978 ::: Transpersonal Conversations: Charles T. Tart, Ph.D. (2005) ::: Dr. Tart discusses his theories on altered-states-of-consciousness, the Human Soul and the dangers of "Scientism" in this detailed "Transpersonal Conversation." Since the publication of the now-classic text: ALTERED STATES OF CONSCIOUSNESS in 1969, Dr. Charles T. Tart has been one of the major theorists in the fields of transpersonal psychology, parapsychology and consciousness studies. He has been on the faculty of The University of California - Davis and The Institute of Transpersonal Psychology and he continues to speak on consciousness, meditation and parapsychology at conferences around the world. He has written or edited over a dozen books including: BODY, MIND, SPIRIT: EXPLORING THE PARAPSYCHOLOGY OF SPIRITUALITY, STATES OF CONSCIOUSNESS and MIND SCIENCE: MEDITATION TRAINING FOR PRACTICAL PEOPLE.
3979 ::: Calvary (2014) ::: Father James is a small-town priest in Ireland whose Sunday confessionals suddenly include a threat to kill him in a week's time as a matter of principle. Deeply troubled and conflicted about how to respond, Father James tries to go on with his calling through that week. However, that proves impossible as he is confronted with a troubling variety of spiritual challenges from both his estranged daughter and his own parishioners. In those dispiriting struggles, Father James' life begins to fall apart as time runs out towards a confrontation that seems to crystallize his values and what he wants his life to be. Father James is a good priest living in a small town in Ireland. During a confessional, a parishioner declares that after being abused as a kid at the hands of another priest, he is going to kill Father James. In daily visits to all the town members, Father James discovers that there is no shortage of domestic abuse, racism, suicidal tendencies and extreme nihilistic views. A lack of innocence runs deep and a series of criminal acts forces Father James to face his persecutor and the dark consequences from the past of the Catholic Church. In a Sunday morning in a small town in Ireland, a parishioner confesses to Father James the sexual abuse he was submitted by a priest when he was a child. He tells that he will kill James, who is a good priest, at the beach on the next Sunday instead of a bad priest to disturb the Church. Along the week, Father James has to deal with his troubled and estranged daughter Fiona Lavelle that tried to commit suicide; with the disturbed butcher Jack Brennan that hit his unfaithful wife Veronica; with her aggressive lover Simon; with an old writer that needs attention; with the cynical and atheist Dr. Frank Harte; with the problematic and spiritually empty millionaire Michael Fitzgerald that wants to donate money to the church. Meanwhile his church is burnt to the ground and Father James gets a gun from the local chief of police; then he decides to travel to Dublin. What will be Father James's final decision?
3980 ::: "Sin Nanatsu no Taizai" (2017) ::: Freshly cast out of Heaven, the former angel Lucifer makes a brief stop in a high school church on Earth, where she encounters a girl named Maria Totsuka before continuing her fall to Hell. Once there, she is met and fawned over by Leviathan, an aspiring minor Demon Lord, and challenged to combat by Satan and Belial, two Demon Lords of the Seven Mortal Sins and members of the ruling council of Hell who accuse her of intending an invasion of their territory. Despite gaining the upper hand initially, Lucifer is eventually subdued by Belial and stripped of her angel powers and wings; but with this last link to Heaven gone, Lucifer transforms into a demon lord herself. Along with Leviathan, she returns to Earth and meets Maria again, whom she promptly stabs through the heart.
3981 ::: Pratidwandi (1970) ::: A young man, newly graduated from college is unable to find meaningful employment. He lives in a crowded apartment with his widowed mother, a revolutionary brother and a younger, well-employed sister. Family frictions and his continuing unsuccessful quest for a job place an unbearable strain on him causing him to hallucinate. The pressure, magnified by the tense and impersonal setting of Calcutta, builds to a devastating conclusion. Hindu Neorealism?
3982 ::: Comic Book Literacy (2009) ::: Comic books are a medium as diverse as movies and encourage more thought than video games. Yet this misunderstood medium has always been the dirty little secret of the literature world. From the immigrant who learns English by reading Superman comics to the child who develops a love of literature from the X-Men, comics have kept America reading for decades with fantastic tales, well structured stories and amazing fantasies.
3983 ::: Memory Rescue with Daniel Amen, MD (2017) ::: In Memory Rescue with Daniel Amen, MD, Dr. Amen talks about how you can improve your memory and even rescue it if you think it's headed for trouble. This very simple idea to strengthen a person's memory is based on treating the 11 major risk factors that destroy brain function. Most of these risk factors are either preventable or treatable. Dr. Amen has developed the mnemonic "BRIGHT MINDS" to help you remember the 11 major risk factors. Knowing one's risk factors and how to overcome them is critical to rescuing one's memory. Your brain's history is NOT your destiny. You can make your brain better with this powerful program from Dr. Daniel Amen.
3984 ::: The Wedding Present: Drive (2011) ::: After an eight year hiatus, The Wedding Present reformed in 2005 to record the LP, "Take Fountain." Immediately after releasing the album, the band set out on a 16-month concert tour of Europe and North America. Thirdhand Films documented the North American leg of the tour, traveling alongside the band for eight of their tour dates and capturing the essence and intensity of the live shows. The resulting film incorporates some of the most comprehensive live footage of the band to date, as well as, interviews and candid behind-the-scenes footage.
3985 ::: What We Have (2014) ::: Haunted by his life on stage in France, Maurice Lesmers seeks refuge in a remote town in Northern Canada. To make ends meet, Maurice takes a job tutoring French to 15 year old Allan, a shy student struggling at school; and lands the leading role in the local theatrical production of Moliere's The Miser. Maurice is surprisingly drawn to the stage manager, Michael but as Michael pushes for a relationship with Maurice, Maurice becomes tormented by childhood memories and recklessly immerses himself in Allan's adolescent world to protect Allan from a high school bully. When Allen misinterprets Maurice's attention for affection, Maurice's past catches up with him and he must confront a dark secret in order to stay in the community. Exploring the recent phenomenon of European immigration to Canada, What We Have charts the journey of Maurice Lesmers, a gay Frenchman, who finds himself 'lost in translation' in Northern Ontario. Fleeing from his troubled past in France, Maurice's romantic sense of Canada leads him to seek refuge in a remote community where he discovers little outlet for his Parisian appetite for one-night stands. Maurice takes a job tutoring French to 15-year old Allan, a shy student struggling at school, and auditions for the local Francophone production of Moličre's The Miser. When he lands the leading role, Maurice is surprisingly drawn to the theatre company's charismatic manager, Michael. But their relationship is endangered when Maurice gets caught up in Allan's adolescent world and risks everything to protect his young student who develops a hard-to-resist attraction for his enigmatic European mentor.
3986 ::: Chal Guru Ho Jaa Shuru (2015) ::: They are gurus and they are out to cheat everyone. The movie tells the story of out-of-work theatre artistes, who find another way to earn some quick bucks. They turn into gurus/babas/godmen to con innocent victims. How long can they put up this act? Watch the full movie Chal Guru Ho ja Shuru online, only on Eros Now.
3987 ::: 80000 Hopes and Dreams the Story of a Talent Search (2013) ::: 10 years ago there was a talent search for 86 hopefuls to star in the film The Guvnor, this took place in 30 clubs up and down the UK. This made for TV documentary provides the background to some hilarious activities as the project descends into chaos and gives an update on the situation these years later.
3988 ::: The Making of 'The Fast and the Furious' (2002) ::: We hear from director Rob Cohen, actors Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Michelle Rodriguez, Jordana Brewster, Rick Yune and Matt Schulze, producer Neal Moritz, technical consultants Craig Lieberman and RJ De Vera, executive producer Doug Clayborne, stunt coordinator Mic Rodgers, and stunt double Mike Justus on various aspects of making the film.
3989 ::: Pirates on Horseback (1941) ::: When miner Ben Pendleton strikes it rich, Ace Gibson has him killed but his men are unable to locate his mine. When California learns his cousin Ben has been murdered he gets Hoppy and Lucky to help investigate. Hoppy finds the clue left by Ben and finally solves the riddle and locates the mine. But just as they find the gold, Gibson's men arrive and make them prisoners.
3990 ::: "Canal Road" (2007) ::: Canal Road is a mystery drama series set in a thriving medical-legal centre in the heart of Melbourne. The staff at Canal Road all have secrets, some dark and dangerous, others light and humorous. Canal Road is the crucible were these secrets collide. Where friendships and loyalties are tested. Where mysteries bubble to the surface. And the skeletons from the past return to haunt people.
3991 ::: Revenge of the Electric Car (2011) ::: Revenge of the Electric Car presents the recent resurgence of electric vehicles as seen through the eyes of four pioneers of the EV revolution. Director Chris Paine (Who Killed the Electric Car? 2006) has had unprecedented access to the electric car research and development programs at General Motors, Nissan, and Tesla Motors, while also following a part time electric car converter who refuses to wait for the international car makers to create the electric cars the public demands. As more models of electric cars than ever before start to arrive in showrooms and driveways across the world, Chris Paine's film offers an inspiring, entertaining and definitive account of this revolutionary moment in human transportation. Revenge of the Electric Car follows these auto makers as they race each other to create the first, best, and most publicly accepted electric cars for the new car market. Documentarian 'Chris Paine (II)' (qv) chronicled General Motors (GM)'s figurative and literal pulling of the plug on the electric car - the EV1 - in his film, _Who Killed the Electric Car? (2006)_ (qv). Shortly thereafter, a new revolution of sorts of the fully electric vehicle (EV) has begun. This follow up documentary focuses on four people within that revolution. 'Elon Musk' (qv), who built his fortune as the owner of Paypal, is now the CEO of newly formed California-based Tesla Motors, which only manufactures high end EVs. He is largely financing the company on his own money, the company which is seen as the initiator of the revolution. An unlikely person in the revolution is 'Bob Lutz (I)' (qv), the Vice-Chair of GM, the man who was largely responsible for killing the EV1. Now, he wants to be seen as the man who reinvented GM, perhaps the most important company to the US economy. 'Carlos Ghosn' (qv) is the CEO of Nissan/Renault. A pure capitalist, Gosn is betting that the Leaf, Nissan's EV, will be the leader in providing an affordable EV to the mass market. And Greg Abbott aka 'Reverend Gadget' (qv) is a leading EV hobbyist who converts existing gas powered vehicles to EVs, a hobby he wants to turn into a viable business. The road for each of the four individuals and their respective organizations to taking the general public by storm with their products may not be a smooth one, from external factors, such as the global economy, to personal issues being many of the bumps along the road.
3992 ::: Inside Mission Kosovo (2013) ::: Deeply affected by the horrific images being broadcast around the World in the late 1990s, the local UAE community mobilised to do all they could to help those being persecuted in the Kosovan conflict. This resulted in providing food, shelter and protection for over 15,000 displaced Kosovo-Albanian refugees. Post conflict, the UAE Armed Forces (UAEAF) turned peace keepers and benefactors, helping to rebuild and redevelop the war torn region. Thirteen years later, a group of UAEAF personnel revisit the province they once policed. There they re-track their steps and reunite with the individuals, whose lives they changed. An emotional journey into the past, "inside Mission Kosovo" is a story of how two very different regions, formed an unlikely bond during a time of war and desperation. A bond that in the years since, has grown into a strong and lasting relationship.
3993 ::: Jean & Beatrice (2014) ::: Beatrice, young heiress has run an ad promising a 'substantial reward' to the man who can 'be of interest to the move and seduce. In order. ' After hosting then returned ten candidates, Beatrice meets Jean, a hunter experienced premium. Determined to win the award, it will lend itself to this puzzling game until the game gets out of hand.
3994 ::: Slow Food Story (2013) ::: In 1986, Carlo Petrini founded the ArciGola Gastronomic Association in Italy and three years later in Paris, launched Slow Food, an international anti-fast-food resistance movement. An ebullient presence, CarlĂŹn, as he is affectionately known around the globe, has become an ambassador for thinking about food differently. From the tiny town of Bra, home to some 27,000 inhabitants, the Slow Food movement has grown to become a revolution, that now has roots in more than 150 countries. Cheese-makers, vintners, and artisanal food folk, toast Slow Food for bringing about a change in consciousness that shook the very foundation of gastronomy.
3995 ::: "The Flying Doctor" (1959) ::: Flying over the desert, the doctor spots a man lying unconscious, so he's brought back to the hospital where they realise the stranger is suffering from the plague. He soon dies, and a fragment of English oak is their clue to where he contracted it.
3996 ::: 924 Gilman Street (2007) ::: Starting with its inception in 1986, the all-ages nonprofit punk venue at 924 Gilman St. in Berkeley, Calif., was a mainstay of a thriving music scene. In this punk-tastic documentary, filmmaker Jack Curran takes a loving look at the historic club. Chronicling the DIY roots of the volunteer-run establishment, the program features interviews with Jello Biafra, Ian McKaye, Lars Frederickson and Matt Freeman, as well as many live performances.
3997 ::: Meat the Future (2019) ::: The concept is revolutionary: growing meat without using and slaughtering full living sentient animals. If scientists can grow human tissue from stem cells for use in medical procedures, then why not a similar process to "grow" or "brew" real pork, beef, and poultry? Clean meat is also referred to as cultured meat, in-vitro meat, and lab-grown meat. Meat the Future spotlights the emergence of the clean meat movement, intimately following its movers and shakers.
3998 ::: "The Pursuit of Happiness" (1995) ::: Attorney Steve Rutledge wants to better the world but ends up taking questionable cases. His partner Alex has no scruples and secretary Jean is often testy. Mac is his high achieving but newly fired wife and Larry his irresponsible brother.
3999 ::: Tagged: The Jonathan Wamback Story (2002) ::: Tagged: The Jonathan Wamback Story is the true story of a teenage gang's attack on high school student Jonathan Wamback in Ontario, Canada. Following the attack, Jonathan falls into a coma. The movie shows the events leading up to the attack on Jonathan in June 1999, and follows through his slow recuperation during the months that follow.
4000 ::: The Gods Must Be Crazy II (1989) ::: Xixo is back again. This time, his children accidentally stow away on a fast-moving poachers' truck, unable to get off, and Xixo sets out to rescue them. Along the way, he encounters a couple of soldiers trying to capture each other and a pilot and passenger of a small plane, who are each having a few problems of their own.
4001 ::: What the wind took away (2017) ::: Although most Yazidi women have lost everything they had, they're still alive.  After they've been massacred and displaced from their home land, they found protection in a refugee camp, stuck between the radical Islamic State and their dream destination: Europe.  "What the wind took away'' is a deeply poetic approach to the very personal stories of these Yazidi women and a lyrical journey through their lives in the refugee camp.
4002 ::: Mayskaya street (2017) ::: Belarus, Winter 2015. The omnipotent president Loukachenko is starting his campaign looking for a 5th mandate. As Kostia celebrates his18th birthday and gets ready to vote for the first time, he takes us around in his village and his family and friends. Following their paths from small jobs to drinking cessions, they all try to understand and conceive their country and their future.
4003 ::: The Leech and the Earthworm (2003) ::: Indigenous peoples voice their views on Western science, its vision of a genetically engineered future, and its deep links with corporate profits and globalization. The Leech and the Earthworm is a journey that combines passionate critiques of a future threatened by genetic engineering, and shares living alternatives to a globalized monoculture, with stunning visuals and music from around the world. The Leech and the Earthworm is a provocative film that inspires us to ask serious questions of the collective illusion we call "progress".
4004 ::: The Faith in Ailao Mountain (2014) ::: More than two decades ago, Ci Zhang immigrated to America from China in hopes of pursuing a better life with greater personal freedom. Originally, she wanted to explore writing as her creative medium in her new setting, but once ensconced in the vibrant culture of San Francisco, she began consuming films with an intense voracity. When family tragedy struck, she turned to documentary filmmaking as her outlet for mourning, and captured her mother's health struggles on a small, hand-held camera in their home province of Yunnan. Zhang's debut film The Faith of Ailao Mountain is an emotionally intense documentary that examines her relationship with her mother and birthplace while also indirectly critiquing China's one-child policy and other social issues. She recently shared with US-China Today her path to creating her first documentary, her thoughts on the Chinese film market and her role as an advocate for under-covered social issues.
4005 ::: The Events Leading Up to My Death (1991) ::: Of the Snack siblings - twenty-seven year old Lindsay, twenty-one year old Angus and eighteen year old Katy - Angus is the only one to have "escaped" the repressed life with their parents, physician Jack and homemaker Joanne, by moving out of the family's suburban Toronto home. Theirs is a dysfunctional family where no one truly communicates with each other, no one seems happy, but each who funnels their energies into an activity. Joanne cooks and bakes, and dotes on Angus to the exclusion of such doting on her daughters. Lindsay creates art - bad art - she who always believes someone is touching her face. Katy has lots of sex with several different partners, that is until she met her current "love", Rhett, whose religious beliefs do not allow for sex before marriage. Angus is stoically controlling, like his father. Angus also doesn't realize that he is manipulative like his father. No one relates to Jack because of the way he is. Jack feels he is becoming more liberated through his dance lessons, that freedom manifested by his golf, which he, like Lindsay and her art, does badly. As Angus is the escapee, the three female Snacks individually confide at least their feelings to him, they who believe he is happy, which is not the case. He lives with a woman named Julia, who he loves, but he has neither told her that he has a family, nor has he told his family, with the exception of Lindsay, that he is living with someone. As he feels it has helped him and in the next step of his son's emotional growth, Jack gives to Angus as a twenty-first birthday present one midnight session with his dance instructor, Rita. Rita's encounters with the Snacks end up extending beyond just Jack and Angus, those encounters which may not liberate the Snacks but at least make them acknowledge and deal with their dysfunction, not only with each other, but also in how they interact with the rest of the world. It may also help them in dealing with the recent death of the family pet, a dog named Busty, and understanding Angus' aversion to watermelons.
4006 ::: Stick 'Em Up! Reloaded (2014) ::: Stick 'Em Up! is a captivating film that explores the little-known world of wheat pasting,an inner-city art form that's as provocative as it is misunderstood. Documentary filmmaker Alex Luster delves into the minds and motivations behind some of Houston's most notorious guerilla street artists, capturing the lifespan of their art... conception,creation, placement and - ultimately - removal by the city's abatement enforcement. With commentary by legendary street artists and top local law enforcement officials, Stick 'Em Up! is a gritty, street-smart documentary that reveals the secret truth behind the prolific images you see every day - in cities all across the nation.
4007 ::: "This Week in Google" (2009) ::: Google is 19 years old. Its present to us? Cool Google Doodles. Its present to itself? 2,000 HTC Engineers. Google and Levi's make a smart jacket. Google might make a better-sounding Home. Amazon is definitely making approximately 724 new Echo devices, including a smaller Echo, Zigbee-enabled Echo Plus, Echo Spot, Echo Buttons, and more. Just don't try playing YouTube videos on your Echo Show. Twitter tests 280 character limits.
4008 ::: Booky's Crush (2009) ::: The Thomsons - parents Thomas and Francie, and children Willa, Arthur, Beatrice (nicknamed Booky) and Jakey - are a loving working class family living in the Depression era in Toronto. It's September and the new school year has just started. Willa has thoughts of attending medical school after she graduates, despite the family not having the money to send her. Arthur is showing aptitude in drawing, and although his parents want to support his skill, Thomas in particular wants him to take up a vocation that is a little more stable. This difference places a strain between father and son. And Booky is reveling in her skills in spelling class. Although it's fall, spring fever has hit the Thomson women. Francie has run into an old high school beau, reminiscing on times with him making her think that she has been neglecting the romantic side of her marriage. Willa, the part time librarian, is attracted to Russell, the medical student she meets at the library. And 11-year old Booky is happy that she has been asked to tutor the new older sixth grade student, Georgie Dunlop, in spelling, since she has a crush on him, her first ever. She just can't wait for him to ask her to the school dance. But she begins to have mixed feelings about Georgie based on a gift he gives to her. Digging a little deeper, Booky begins to understand both the good and bad of Georgie.
4009 ::: Devil Bat's Daughter (1946) ::: Wishing to dispose of his wife, psychiatrist Doctor Elliott makes his patient Nina think that she suffers from a compulsion to kill. He drugs Nina, murders his wife and leaves evidence that points to Nina. The latter, pre-conditioned by Elliott, also thinks she is guilty.
4010 ::: Anglesey Road (2009) ::: What occurs behind closed doors? In a remote terraced street the very different lives of 4 families play out in very different ways. A loving couple, a manic depressant, a nagging wife, her murderous husband, a beaten woman, her violent boyfriend and a sexually abused teen. Suicide, homicide and rape are all avoided within seconds of each other when tragedy strikes outside, avoiding heartache and bloodshed, but creating new, darker problems for the tiny terrace.
4011 ::: Color Bar Experience (2015) ::: A 2015 16x9 HDTV enhanced version for those who like it big and wide. Ripping apart the standard NTSC analog color bar signal. The NTSC color bar reference signal is distorted by attacking the horizontal and vertical blanking sync timing signals using a time base corrector. The resulting color bar chaos was rephotographed off a monitor since the video itself was too unstable to record directly to tape. This short video art piece was inspired by the 'color tuning guide channel' that American Cablevision included in its channel lineup in the 1980s. The odd thing about the 'color tuning guide', which was the typical NTSC color bar display, was that the average cable subscriber was not likely to know how the reference colors were supposed to look. Were any of them television broadcast engineers? So how would they know if the color display they saw at home on their sets was correct? How useless! So here is my Color Bars, which is my version of 'your color tuning guide cable channel'. Diabolical!
4012 ::: The Elkhart 4 (2014) ::: Some mistakes you can never take back - and can have deadly consequences. Four teenagers and their young adult friend from Elkhart County, Indiana found this out the hard way. Now, one is dead and the other 4 -- "The Elkhart 4" -- are serving decades behind bars.
4013 ::: Caffeine (2006) ::: A fanciful battle of the sexes ensues when the relationships of the staff and patrons of a quirky London café are unexpectedly turned upside down by sudden revelations of terribly embarrassing secrets having to do with their sexual misadventures.
4014 ::: "I'm with Stupid" (2005) ::: Sitcom in which a homeless man and a wheelchair-user strike up an unlikely friendship after a chance meeting. Sheldon needs a bed for the night and Paul is able to oblige. A neighbor offers Paul a bet, with Sheldon the unwilling victim. Against all the odds, their friendship survives the night.
4015 ::: "Daft Adventures" (2017) ::: Join Larry (DeFrank), your everyday man with absolutely no game plan on what to do with his life. That is, until is he is pulled into an adventure unlike no other. From running into various beasts to undergoing countless obstacles that will ultimately lead him to something that he's clueless about. Journey with Larry as he comes across various humorous characters that will have you laughing in your seat, pondering if life is even serious at all.
4016 ::: "Chris Hedges, God's Covenant in the Promised Land: A Progressive Voice" (2014) ::: On August 9th, 2014 a rally supporting the people in Gaza took place at Columbus Circle in NYC. The rally lasted for 2 hours which was followed by a march to the United Nations. Prior to the rally starting, I was approached by Chris Hedges who mentioned that he had written a 8 minute speech that he wanted to deliver to the thousands of people attending the rally. However, he was told that all of the speakers were being limited to 2 minutes speaking time at the rally. This is that special speech that Chris Hedges wanted to deliver that day. He talked about the historical and religious background to what is the re-occurring violence in the area that the Israelis and Palestinians presently live in.
4017 ::: Alone (2015/VI) ::: Conjoined at birth, Anjana and Sanjana were twin sisters who lived by one promise made to each other - 'We will always be together. We will never separate'. Mysterious circumstances lead to the death of one while the other survived. Years later, the ghost of the dead comes back to haunt the surviving sister. Why was the promise broken?
4018 ::: Speak to Me in Poetry (2012) ::: Ben likes Kelsie but can never find the right words to tell her. So one day, at a wishing well, he wishes he could speak like a poet. The next day he gets his wish. But now everything he says rhymes. He cannot stop rhyming! Kelsie rejects him. His boss fires him. No one understands why he would talk like that. Now he must go on a journey to find his true voice and break the curse.
4019 ::: I Could Have Been Five Feet (2008) ::: This compelling documentary features a young woman, formerly an adolescent smoker. Although smoking for only six years, Meghan chronicles the physical and psychological impact smoking had on her early life. She describes her intense and prolonged struggles with quitting and speaks with other young people about this powerful and life-threatening addiction. We hope that her story will influence other young people when they are faced with the decision to initiate smoking.
4020 ::: Punk Drunk Love: The Images of Mick Rock (2004) ::: Mick Rock is the man who shot the seventies in all its glorious pomp when the likes of David Bowie, Iggy Pop, the Stones, Roxy Music, Lour Reed, Queen et al exploded onto the scene. On stage, backstage, up close and personal - Punk Drunk Love captures Glamrock's kings (and queens!) at the height of their 70s power.
4021 ::: Screen Snapshots: Hawaii in Hollywood (1948) ::: Many Hollywood celebrities are on hand to brighten the occasion which is a Hawaiian-style party hosted by Don the Beachcomber, who was famous mostly for hosting parties and having movie stars show-up-and-be-seen, either by studio dictate or hoping to find a job. Showing up for this one were 'Frank Morgan (I)' (qv), 'Phil Harris (I)' (qv) and wife 'Alice Faye', singer-actress 'Georgia Carroll' (qv), 'Robert Preston (I)' (qv), 'Lee Bowman (I)' (qv), 'Evelyn Keyes' (qv), and 'Danny Kaye' (qv). A lot of the footage seen here showed up in 1954 in a Screen Snapshots entry called "Hula in Hollywood." Ralph Staub was the world's greatest at using stock-footage, several times,in a mix-and-match fashion and coming up with a "New" Screen Snapshots entry. The one carried 9855 as a Columbia production number.
4022 ::: A Journey of a Thousand Miles: Peacekeepers (2015) ::: A JOURNEY OF A THOUSAND MILES: PEACEKEEPERS follows three women in an all female, predominantly Muslim unit of police officers sent to post-earthquake Haiti as UN Peacekeepers for one year. The mission challenges these women while shattering commonly held stereotypes "A Journey of A Thousand Miles: Peacekeepers" follows a unit of one hundred and sixty women who, between June 2013 and July 2014, travel far from their families, friends and all that is familiar at home in Bangladesh to join the United Nations Stabilising Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH). They form one of the world's first all female, predominantly Muslim peacekeeping units; shattering every stereotype the world holds about the capabilities of Muslim women. The film focuses on three women from Bangladesh, who in this unit; grapple with the harsh realities of becoming foot soldiers in a United Nations Peacekeeping Mission. The film dramatically shows how this journey forever alters the lives of three courageous women and their families. Though faced with struggles abroad, the women are also given an authority and opportunity during deployment not yet possible in their own country. We witness first hand their return home and the subsequent reintegration into family life - a process that is at once a relief and a profound challenge. "A Journey of A Thousand Miles" is a bold look at the women who make up this global force, going beyond the statistics and news stories to look at who these officers are on an individual level. Through the organic unfolding of their experiences during this year, the documentary defies the way we look at women from developing nations and asks the difficult questions that must be considered to better the global effort to build peace.
4023 ::: Changing Education from the Inside Out (2016) ::: The traditional education system, built on the foundation that academic content knowledge is king, is no longer adequate to prepare our children for the 21st century workforce. There is a sense of urgency for change, but figuring out what to change, and helping change the mindsets of educators, parents, and children themselves hasn't been easy. This documentary captures the authentic SAS(Singapore American School) story, including personal reflections and in-the-moment struggles of faculty and leadership over the past four years. The film provides a picture of how SAS is taking on transforming an existing successful school to better serve students well into the future. The process was designed to challenge deeply held assumptions, engage faculty, shape culture, and included thousands of hours of research and visitations to over 100 schools worldwide. Over 100 college admissions officers were interviewed, internationally known educational leaders were consulted, and a strategic plan is now in place reflecting what has been learned. Changing Education From The Inside Out takes us on the journey with the educators from Singapore American School, showcasing the motivations, extensive research, and challenges to transforming the education system--breaking frontiers and raising the bar.
4024 ::: "Pure Mule" (2005) ::: Each of the episodes is a self-contained story focusing on the weekend of one particular character from a Friday until a Monday morning. Set in a Midlands market town, which remains unnamed, the series weaves in and out of the stories of the various characters over the course of the series.
4025 ::: Honeymoon Hotel (1964) ::: Jay Menlow is jilted at the altar by his fiancée, Cynthia Hampton,and his pal, Ross Kingsley, persuades him to use his reserved-in-advance accommodations at the Boca Roca Hotel (honeymooners only) in lieu of the doomed honeymoon, and Ross will accompany him to bolster him up and Cynthia will soon beg to have him back. Ross' gesture is not quite as altruistic as it appears. He has been fooling around with his employer's girlfriend, Sherry Nugent and figures that a brief exodus from New York and his boss, Mr. Sampson. But Mr. Sampson shows up, followed by his ever-loving wife who has decided to find out just what goes on on her husband "business" trips. Complications, including schemes to avoid the hotel's "no bachelors allowed" rule also follow.
4026 ::: Approaching Union Square (2006) ::: One at a time we meet 11 people in the hour or night before they board a morning cross-town bus in Manhattan. Some have been engaged in significant conversations: talking to a psychiatrist about premonitions, breaking off an affair, working out internal issues. We see others being trivial or self-absorbed: a hound with an STD, a woman with a large phone bill, another who may have met Mr. Right. After we've met all 11, we join them on the bus. One has what may be a seizure. What's going on?
4027 ::: The Life and Deaths of John Hofsess (2017) ::: The film follows John Hofsess who fought for the right to have assisted suicide legalized in Canada. During his fight, he established an underground death service that assisted in killing 8 people - including the celebrated poet Al Purdy. After his partner in the death service was arrested, John fled to Switzerland where he engaged a doctor to assist in his own death. John died Feb 29th 2016 in the presence of the filmmakers. On June 17th 2016, less than 4 months after John's death, assisted suicide was made legal in Canada.
4028 ::: Divide (????) ::: A grifter tries to quit crime when he finds out his wife is pregnant. His criminal record prevents him from getting a regular job. Two federal agents recruit him to participate in an unofficial scheme to catch the leader of an organization which is a huge buyer/distributor of drugs in the U.S. The grifter soon finds himself stuck in the middle of a struggle between cops, criminals and the cartel.
4029 ::: "Gem Hunt" (2013) ::: Series captures all the intrigue, jeopardy and rewards of the world's gem trade, every step of the way. In each episode, viewers will follow veteran gem dealer Ron LeBlanc, geologist Bernie Gaboury and jewelry maven Diane Robinson as they travel to remote regions of the world in search of gemstones they can turn into a small fortune. A stone purchased for $4,000 at the source can instantly jump to $50,000 when it has been flawlessly cut, and by the time it hits the market, can be skyrocket to a quarter of a million dollars. Or, if botched during the cutting, can become practically worthless.
4030 ::: Nikki: A Girl Who Has Rett Syndrome (2008) ::: Nikki, a twelve-year-old girl, suffers with the most physically debilitating autism spectrum disorder, Rett Syndrome. She is unable to communicate conventionally, yet her courage, strength, presence, and smile captured filmmaker Michael Knowles's heart and mind and inspired him to go on a journey to understand what was going on inside of her. This documentary is the result of that endeavor. Rett Syndrome isn't well understood, and this lack of understanding can cause people to shy away from girls who have it. This documentary brings awareness to this disease, but also, through allowing the audience to get to know Nikki, helps them realize that knowing a Rett girl can brighten their lives. Nikki, suffers with the most physically debilitating autism spectrum disorder, Rett Syndrome. Nikki's courage, strength, presence, and smile captures both hearts and mind.  Nikki is a journey about both inward and outward reflection, understanding what is going on inside her and others.
4031 ::: Memories of Norfolk & Western 611 (2005) ::: This video mostly contains footage of the N&W J-611 4-8-4 steam locomotive, filmed in southern Ohio between 1992 and 1994. Norfolk Southern retired 611 from excursion duty in 1994. We see track-side scenes of 611 at or near these southern Ohio locations, mostly between Cincinnati and Portsmouth: Afton, Batavia, Lawshe, Lucasville, Mt. Orab, Mt. Zion, Newtown, Otway, Peebles, Perintown, Piketon, Plum Run trestle, Portsmouth, Rarden, Sardinia, Seaman, Williamsburg and Winchester. We also see 611 at or near Ludlow and Walton (including the Ohio River bridge) in northern Kentucky, south of Cincinnati. 611 chugs up these grades at: Erlanger, Kentucky (1.7%); Peebles, Ohio; and Irvington Hill near Seaman, Ohio. As a bonus, the N&W 1218 2-6-6-4 steam locomotive is shown on a Portsmouth-to-Cincinnati run. Track-side footage at or near Otway, Tranquility Pike, and Williamsburg is included.
4032 ::: The Mordavian Truth (2009) ::: The Mordavian Truth is a documentary about a group of people coming together to participate in a very different hobby. We explore the concept of LARPing (Live Action Role Playing) through the people involved in New Zealands' largest LARP game, "Mordavia". Over a period of two and a half years we follow our unique subjects as they deal with the trials and tribulations of everyday life whilst attempting to save the kingdom of Mordavia.
4033 ::: Stampede (2012) ::: A subway station somewhere in the Northwestern hemisphere. Rush hour. An unattended baggage catches the attention of the passengers. Moments of insecurity pass. All of a sudden, a mass panic breaks out in the moving crowds. The stampede leaves its survivors perplexed: Was the bomb only ticking in their minds?
4034 ::: La Sangre del Gallo (2015) ::: Damian is a 26 year old that wakes up one morning all beaten up, bound, hooded and alone in an unfamiliar place. He doesn't know how he got there, or why. He doesn't even remember his name. A man arrives; He is clearly not the one who captured him, however he attends him. Damian now remembers an accident where his mother and brother died, he was driving. He remembers a discussion that reveals secrets from his past. The path that led him to hit rock bottom keeps going through his head. He starts a special relationship with his captor, who will form part of the puzzle that Damian must complete.
4035 ::: The Bocuse d'Or (1999) ::: This 1999 documentary features Canadian Chef Robert Sulatycky in his quest to become the first North American chef to break into the top five, so far the exclusive domain of European countries. Robert went through a five year process to get to the Bocuse d'Or in Lyon, France. The documentary shows chefs from 22 countries creating the best food in a race against the clock. For many chefs this competition is the most important one they will ever enter in their culinary careers.
4036 ::: Schau nicht weg (2007) ::: "Schau Nicht Weg" (Don't Look Away) directed by Rolany Leyer, is a part the project "Sprache Gegen Gewalt" (Speak Against Violence) from actor Dirk Heinrichs who pays public addresses and schools and universities to explain the problems of violence for example at schools. Generally, the short movie is about civil courage. In an innovative and extraordinary way of illustration it shows how violence emerges and how it is possible to react against it.
4037 ::: Grotesk (2015) ::: After a secret mission to the moon, an American space shuttle lands in Řresund, the strait between Denmark and Sweden. Aboard the space shuttle id an unknown and highly radioactive type of slime, which has been unearthed from the back of the moon. When the slime oozes out into Řresund, an unstoppable mutated monster is created, spreading an inferno of death and destruction amidst the idyllic summertime.
4038 ::: Il sogno della farfalla (1994) ::: Massimo is a young actor who is a spellbinding livewire on stage. A theatre director is moved by his talent and wants to do a play about him, to turn him into a great role to be interpreted by Massimo himself. But the actor's father informs the director of his son's strange decision to renounce conventional language in everyday life, and offers a possible explanation: a disillusionment in love. The mother agrees to compose the script, perhaps to bring her son back to an equality characterised by a verbal language that is understandable to all.
4039 ::: Up the Stairs (2015) ::: 'Treppe Aufwärts' is a three generation family story based on the negative effects of gambling addiction and a man who wreaks revenge on the game industry by hacking slot machines with algorithms because his father lost all they had. In the beginning of our Movie the son of our hacker visits his father after not having seen him for 4 years. He does not know about the hole story. Will he find out and will the love of a family be stronger than the gambling industry?
4040 ::: The Devil That Is (????) ::: Judge Edwin Torres author of the Carlito's Way and Q&A, comes THE DEVIL THAT IS formerly known as Pleasant Avenue - Mario left Pleasant Avenue in Harlem and went off to fight in the Korean War only to return to find his neighborhood and family had changed. With the mob using this part of Harlem to sell and launch Heroin throughout the country, young dealers like Carlito Brigante were littering the streets with dope. With a young pregnant wife, Mario becomes a police officer and by using his natural born instincts and good police work, he finds himself at odds with both corrupted Police brass and local mobsters. Marios younger brother Nino, shows great promise as a boxer but throws it all away and succumbs to this ever-spreading heroin epidemic. Mario refuses to change and is forced to navigate between whats important - his home or his Pleasant Avenue.
4041 ::: F*cking Jane Austen (????) ::: Two friends angry at Jane Austen for creating unrealistic romantic expectations among women today get sent back in time to the nineteenth century. The only way for them to return home is for one of them to get Jane Austen to fall in love and sleep with him.
4042 ::: "On the Border" (2015) ::: This drama is based on the complex and distorted human destinies. It reveals all aspects of the life, which seems to be more glamorous at first sight. This is the world where human fates are broken, and the life swamp absorbs all of the light spots and makes follow cruel and unjust laws. The main character is a famous athlete, who left the sport for the sake of art, but the life had prepared something different for him. Regardless of his will, the man who appears in criminal environment tries to remain faithful to the principles of morality. The hero, defending the honor of his girlfriend in his young years, appears in jail. The hard life of prison and its "laws" do not break him, but make him stronger. Being released from prison, however, he again faces a difficult choice. This time his friend's life is the price of his freedom...
4043 ::: Ride with Larry (2013) ::: "Ride with Larry" puts a human face on the day-to-day fight against Parkinson's through the story of Larry Smith, a retired police captain, now beloved small-town baker. After twenty years with Parkinson's, Larry attempts to ride 300 miles across his state of South Dakota with the support of his family and community to show the power of keeping your body active and mind positive, proving that the best cure is living life to its fullest. The film follows Larry as attempts to push his limits and expand the boundary of possibilities for those with Parkinson's. Weaved amongst his journey is an intimate portrait of Parkinson's, illuminating the day-to-day fight of those diagnosed, their families, and caretakers. It is a film for all those stigmatized or mired in the darkness of illnesses without cures. Larry and his wife Betty refuse to be defined by this diagnosis, proving that sometimes the best cure is living life to its fullest. Larry doesn't just live with Parkinson's. He rises above it. After a 20-year battle with Parkinson's, Larry has exhausted every conventional method of treatment, every drug, and even brain surgery. Refusing to give up, he seeks alternatives, discovering the untapped benefits of exercise and medical marijuana. Now Larry will attempt the unthinkable, a 300-mile bike ride across South Dakota, a journey of hope for anyone facing a life altering illness. In this intimate portrait of courage, love, and community, Larry Smith refuses to give up, proving that if you love life, you'll fight for it.
4044 ::: The Party Is Over (2015) ::: THE PARTY IS OVER tells the story of three college roommates and each of their bizarre, obsessive relationships. When Natan meets Sana, a strong-willed Muslim, he must confront his obsession with her dedication to religion in a modern society. Fino is arrested for sexual assaulting Nia, a beautiful classmate who enjoys aggressive role-play sex, and must find out whether he misunderstood Nia's wishes or whether she is deeply manipulative. And Will, happy to learn that his girlfriend shares his appreciation for amateur pornography, is soon overwhelmed by the idea that she has her own puzzling sexual curiosities. The relationships offer a humorous, twisted, and honest look at the complications of the American collegiate experience - one filled with cultural clashes, sexual awakening and intellectual adventures.
4045 ::: Meet Prince Charming (2002) ::: Jonathan 'Jack' Harris is a waiter, who hopes to start a newspaper called The Tribeca Times, after the part of Manhattan where he lives, and while struggling to find advertisers and stories decides to do one on Internet dating services, so he joins one and seems to have found a great match, maybe even a soul-mate. He doesn't know it's actually his apartment block neighbor, 29-year old magazine editor Samantha Feld -who only rolled into the thing because her friend and co-worker Jen thinks she needs a man and threw a party at Samantha's place- with whom he clashed from the start in daily life as they consider each-other noisy and inconsiderate. Yet, when they meet after e-mail bliss together and nothing but failed dates with others...
4046 ::: Sex and the Single Alien (2015) ::: A cheerful erotic comedy about a young couple, Olivia and Harry Delamo, who discover paranormal telepathic sex. It is a phenomenal gift from outer space that may become a unique endowment, or an embarrassing handicap, depending on who is involved. Harry becomes a player in telepathic sex affairs beyond his control. It becomes clear that the Aliens are in control. And they have a hidden agenda - through Harry's brain, they watch and record his affairs in order to create just another episode of a popular reality TV show for their own planet. The show may be titled "Sex and the Galaxy."
4047 ::: Az utolsó blues (2002) ::: On the surface it is an idyll. He lives a happily married life with Judit, a teacher and their eight-year old son, Dani. His best friend, Zoli is also his business partner and between the two of them they own four flourishing bakeries in Budapest. An enviable setting. But in the background a time bomb is ticking away. For years Andris has been living a passionate and blessed second life. The scene is Poland. Pretending to be making business trips, he has been spending half the year in Cracow, with Bea. She is a beautiful young woman and a church-painter. In this life Andris paints Creation in the chapel near the city. He is sensitive and gifted in what he does. In Pest he is a talented businessman, in Cracow an excellent artist. It is as if there were two people in him. What's more: he is satisfied with both lives. And since he is also an excellent conspirator, until this early morning he has never had to make a choice. But now Bea is pregnant, and would like to marry him. On this morning Andris leaves for his wedding in Cracow. He alone knows, that it is impossible. Still he is drawn into the ruthless flow of events, like a moth is drawn into the flame of a candle. He expects a miracle. He sits in his car giving himself up to fate. Then suddenly, as if his own family life and fate were playing some kind of game on him, something happens to change the whole story. The brakes in his car stop working...
4048 ::: Our Dancing Daughters (1928) ::: Diana is outwardly the hit of the party but inwardly virtuous and idealistic. Her friend Ann is thoroughly selfish and amoral. Both are attracted to Ben Black, soon-to-be millionaire. He takes Diana's flirtations with other boys as a sign of disinterest in him and marries Ann. Big mistake.
4049 ::: "The Hot Seat" (1976) ::: Two married couples compete in this short-lived game show hosted by Jim Peck, in which one of the partners on each team sits in the Hot Seat and becomes hooked up to a lie-detector-type device that measures responses to emotional questions. The other partner must attempt to guess how his or her spouse will react to various questions. Each question is worth a certain amount of points, with the highest point total in each round earning the winner up to $400.
4050 ::: Apna Bana Ke Dekho (2001) ::: Jankiraman alias Johny is a hoodlum, known to the local police, has been arrested several times, and lives a poor lifestyle in a city in South India along with his widowed mom. His mother and father had a love marriage, but he died a violent death. She kept her Mangalsutra around his photo frame. Once she talked to a parrot astrologer, who predicted great things in Janikiraman's life, as he will soon be associating with rich people, as well as getting married to a very wealthy girl. These predictions come true when Jankiraman introduces her to Sandhya Anand, a pretty young woman, who even comes to visit and eat at their humble dwelling. She and Jankiraman will, however, soon find out that she regards Jankiraman just as a friend and will soon ask him to pick a groom for her from an envelope containing photographs. A broken-hearted Jankiraman is unable to convey his true feelings, and picks the photo of Dhinesh Nallathambi, the only son of a Politician. Sandhya instantly approves of Jankiraman's choice, and an engagement party takes place. Shortly thereafter Jankiraman's life spirals out of control as his mother passes away, and he gets into a confrontation with a hoodlum named Sadhaa - and it is during this confrontation that will lead to even more changes in his life.
4051 ::: Werther (1990) ::: The neurotic director Max Karlsson tries to do a film of Goethe's "Die Leiden des jungen Werthers". He finds all actors for his melodrama - except Lotte, the wonderful girl who is an object of two mens love. He auditions a number of girls. But when he finds the right one nothing goes the way he had figured.
4052 ::: Santa Fe Saddlemates (1945) ::: Governor Price sends Sunset Carson to investigate a smuggling ring which is baffling the Border Patrol. Newspaper woman Ann Morton is working incognito in the saloon waiting for a break on the smuggling story. By posing as an expected outlaw named Brazos Kane, Sunset becomes a member of the gang. Ann discovers his real identity and purpose but conceals her knowledge, even from him. Sunset is a special agent hired by L. Bradford Prince to break up a gem smuggling ring. Sunset goes to the border town , Tres Pinos, to find out the who and how. He has help from "Dead Eye" and the saloon singer. Sunset gets a job at the ranch with a fake name and soon learns the how, but needs to find out who is the big boss.
4053 ::: Take Two (2017) ::: TAKE TWO is a true story of a man named Robert and his daughter Kristi. As a decadent Hollywood film producer who bottoms out in Los Angeles and loses everything, he continues to wake up every morning to his same failed life. He decides to leave LA to seek a new life, only to quickly realize he has taken himself with him. In the beginning of his trek he meets a beautiful young woman in a bar in Wyoming and has a one night affair that leads to the birth of a baby girl. He later discovers that he is the father of a 3 year old daughter who is enduring a living hell of abuse, neglect, and poverty; raising her younger siblings on her own. Accepting his new calling to do whatever it takes to rescue his daughter; his journey leads him to cry out to God and cleanup in the process. Together, they discover the meaning of sacrifice, the love of a Father, and God's sovereignty in the midst of brokenness as they save each other through His faithfulness.
4054 ::: Made in China (2017) ::: In Shenzhen, Guangdong province, Yu Liang Yuan (21 years old) and his father, Yu Ting Yong (45 years old), on the occasion of the celebration of the Chinese New Year, are getting ready to begin their annual journey from the industrial colony where they work and live to their hometown in Henan. This year, however, appears to be crucial for the future of both of them. Yu Liang Yuan, on this New Year's, is planning to get engaged to one of his old classmates, with whom he has had a long-distance relationship for one year. At their age, 21 years old, it is urgent to get engaged soon if they want to assure a prosperous marriage and to accomplish the aspirations of his family. Returning to their hometown will symbolize the reencountering with everything they left behind, the family and friends who they only meet once each year, and also with the land that they consider to be their true home. However, this journey will bring with it an unexpected surprise: the family of Yu Liang Yuan's girlfriend has been considering other candidates and has finally come to the conclusion that Yu's family is not wealthy enough to take them into consideration. For a resigned Yu Liang Yuan, this situation will lead him to questioning both the world that he inhabits and a set of traditions that he does not agree with. He will reach the point of questioning his own existence and what he truly desires. In Shenzhen, Guangdong province, Yu Liang Yuan (21 years old) and his father, Yu Ting Yong (45 years old), on the occasion of the celebration of the Chinese New Year, are getting ready to begin their annual journey from the industrial colony where they work and live to their hometown in Henan. This year, however, appears to be crucial for the future of both of them.
4055 ::: Tercio de quites (1951) ::: Two toreros, one Spanish one Mexican, were rivals in love and show their dislike in public, but are ready to help each other when in real trouble, So when Rafael is in financial need Salvador and his family will travel to Spain and plot together to save him.
4056 ::: Jacob the Awakening (2018) ::: When Annie finds a company on the internet offering tickets to a paranormal evening at a haunted location being a believer she decides to buy two tickets as a birthday treat for her husband James. A haunted pub in a tranquil village is the location of the scariest night they could ever imagine. On arriving at the location they are introduced to other guest's by Rachel the evening's host and Jonathon a spiritual medium, shortly after the investigation gets underway Jonathon is honing in on all sorts of interesting facts about the old building and its previous occupants. All is not what it seems as the haunting reaches its halfway point things take a turn for the worse as an evil spirit named Jacob makes everyone aware of his presence, while indulging in a Ouija board the group unwittingly unleash Jacob and someone will have to pay for unsettling his soul.
4057 ::: Jovana Lukina (1979) ::: A beautiful young woman lives with her husband in a rocky Montenegrin terrain. The different people who travel by their house share their fates with them, thus generating the evil inside her, and destroying her view of marriage as an idyllic process.
4058 ::: Salomy Jane (1914) ::: When beautiful Salomy Jane resists the romantic advances of a young ruffian, she is rescued by Jack Dart, who has his own additional reasons for tangling with the man. Jack fights the ruffian and kills him. He escapes with the law on his trail, for it is (wrongly) presumed that he is also the man who held up the stagecoach. Salomy Jane comes to his rescue when he is captured and about to be lynched.
4059 ::: Tracey Ullman in the Trailer Tales (2003) ::: After an illustrious career, veteran Hollywood makeup artist Ruby Romaine has finally decided to call it quits. Or has she? In a series of hilarious tales told from the confines of her trailer, Ruby explains why she reconsidered her retirement--and how she almost didn't get a second chance to do the two things she does best: touching up an actor's face and sharing the latest Tinseltown gossip!
4060 ::: Jag är nyfiken - en film i gult (1967) ::: Lena, aged twenty, wants to know all she can about life and reality. She collects information on everyone and everything, storing her findings in an enormous archive. She experiments with relationships, political activism, and meditation. Meanwhile, the actors, director and crew are shown in a humorous parallel plot about the making of the film and their reactions to the story and each other. Nudity, explicit sex, and controversial politics kept this film from being shown in the US while its seizure by Customs was appealed. Under his production company Sandrews, forty-two year old filmmaker 'Vilgot Sjöman' (qv) is planning to make a film starring his current girlfriend, twenty-two year old drama student, 'Lena Nyman' (qv). The plot outline of the movie, titled "Lena on the Road", is as follows. The lead character, also named Lena, is a socio-political activist, who espouses among other things social equality and pacifism. The small room in the flat she shares with her divorced father is crammed with items reflecting her views, most notably a portrait of 'Francisco Franco (I)' (qv) and a chalkboard on which she writes the number of days passed in the Spanish Civil War. When she is not protesting with her friends, she goes around Stockholm interviewing people - both those in authority as well as the average Joe and Jane - about their socio-political views on topics of importance to her. Upon a chance encounter at the framing shop where her father works, Lena is pursued by Börje, the two who enter into a sexual relationship. He is her twenty-fourth sexual partner, files which she has on all of them. Their relationship is passionate and stormy, the latter based on what Lena learns is his current relationship status with other women which he did not initially divulge to her. Lena's life is altered by her experiences with Börje. Similarly, through the process of making the movie, Lena, the actress, and Vilgot's own relationship is changed as a direct outcome.
4061 ::: Inside the Actor: Scoring the Role (2008) ::: Scoring the Role is a formulated and simplified tool used to breakdown any play or screenplay. It is a Stanislavski based system that engages intuition to develop multidimensional characters. This is a process for the professional actor. The DVD will have a manual that will walk you through each step of Scoring to take the confusion and guess work out of the process of script analyzation. It is the alchemy that renders workable actions for the actor to execute with confidence; take, after take. The script is the blueprint. You must know how to read one to build the story.
4062 ::: The Darkling (2000) ::: When mechanic Jeff Obold meets the wealthy and mysterious Bruno Rubin, he is exposed for the first time to the finer things in life. But Jeff soon discovers the source of Rubin's power: a caged creature called a "Darkling," which possesses the power to create incredible wealth for the person who will pledge unending "companionship." Now, as Jeff sinks further and further into the blackness of a soul sold to the devil, he will discover there is a high price to pay for the fulfillment of his dreams. The cast of this USA Network Original Movie includes Oscar-winner F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus, Star Trek: Insurrection) and sultry Nina Siemaszko (Wild Orchid II: Two Shades of Blue).
4063 ::: Höre nie auf anzufangen - Der Ufa-Star Carola Höhn (2000) ::: Between 1934 and the end of the war, Carola Hoehn appeared in over 30 films. In April, April and Zu neuen Ufern she starred in films directed by Douglas Sirk. Johannes Heesters was her partner in Der Bettelstudent, Willi Forst in Koenigswalzer, Hans Moser in Liebe streng verboten and Heinz Ruehmann in Hurra, ich bin Papa. Unlike the femme fatale Zarah Leander or the sing and dance queen Marika Roekk, Carola Hoehn specialised in playing modern, intelligent, open-minded young women. After 1945 she made appearances on stage in Berlin, Vienna, Munich, Bremen and Hannover. She was the German voice of stars like Katherine Hepburn, Irene Dunne, Maureen O'Hara and Danielle Darrieux. Theses dubbing assignments brought her from Berlin to Munich in 1950. In 1994 Carola Hoehn returned to the Berlin stage, playing the role of Mrs. Higgins in My Fair Lady at the Theater des Westens. "Don't ever begin to give up - don't ever give up beginning" is the motto of the ever-young and full-blooded actress. Robert Fischer has made this lively and passionate portrait, presenting numerous film clips, and newly shot footage of colleageus, friends and family, but above all - and in detail - Carola Hoehn herself.
4064 ::: O Lugar do Abandono (2012) ::: The film intends to show in three chapters the life path of a factory building after their inactivity. This trip starts in abandonment, followed by destruction and in the final phase the appropriation of the building by nature, perpetuating his legacy and existence in the place.
4065 ::: Carnival: The Movie (2018) ::: CARNIVAL: The Movie is a documentary film focusing not only on the beauty of carnivals, the rides, the lights, etc., but also on all of the hard work that goes into setting up these small cities week after week, and the incredible amount of work that just goes into keeping the entire operation running smoothly to ensure that the attendees have a great time. Join us as we follow a family owned carnival company as they go on the road for the year.
4066 ::: Can't Get No Worse (????) ::: Rich, privileged, Benjamin McCain drops out of Law school, no longer want his father's underpinning, and takes the only job available at Mr. Ming's cornerstore in the ghetto where a scandalous co-work and a con man turn his life inside out.
4067 ::: Svet stav (2014) ::: Sports betting became a huge business for millions. Illegal and on-line betting providers ignited the revolution in variety of offer and the chance to manipulate with bets. Consequently, profit invited criminal organizations - betting syndicates, that control the world of betting and represent the biggest evil of modern sport. With the examples from different sports, mainly tennis and football, the documentary exposes wide options of possible match-fixing through athletes, officials, criminals and betting providers.
4068 ::: Polo with the Stars (1941) ::: A short in the WB Hollywood Novelty series (production number 7301) about the training of polo ponies. Buddy Rogers buys one of the ponies in training, and later uses him in a match where Jack Holt and Joe E. Brown are among the players. Edward G. Robinson and Jack Oakie are among the spectators who see Joe. E. Brown knock in the winning score.
4069 ::: "Kat Vs. Alison" (2016) ::: "Kat Vs Alison" revolves around two actresses - opposite in every way except for in their "look," who are constantly in competition for the same roles. The episodes follow the two actresses through several casting and production adventures, and each episode is shot in the style of the subject matter that inspired it. The first two episodes are inspired by Pop-Up Video, Blind Date and Lifetime Original Movies. The series is filled out with episodes inspired by Tarantino, Wes Andersen, and cult documentaries. The result is a comical competition composed of underhanded tactics, blatant sabotage and physical violence between the two. It is a singularly hilarious portrait of the contentious relationship between these two women and ultimately between people and the often exaggerated image of success and happiness that they struggle to project.
4070 ::: Winnie (2017) ::: While her husband served a life sentence, paradoxically kept safe and morally uncontaminated, Winnie Mandela rode the raw violence of apartheid, fighting on the front line and underground. This is the untold story of the mysterious forces that combined to take her down, labeling him a saint, her, a sinner.
4071 ::: Rynox (1932) ::: Business tycoon F.X. Benedik claims he has been threatened by a mysterious stranger Boswell Marsh. When F.X. Benedik is found murdered. Tony takes over the business and tries to track down the mysterious Marsh.
4072 ::: Some Apologies (2007) ::: Some Apologies begins with a confession: "Once, when I was little, I hit my brother in the face." Like all confessions, the statement is the first step into a maze of self-examination and doubt. Using introspective first-person narration and enchanting nostalgic imagery, the film explores the darker side of childhood and brotherly love.
4073 ::: Yonkers Joe (2008) ::: Yonkers Joe hustles, setting up schemes to cheat at cards and dice. He has a girlfriend, Janice, but does he care about her or just need a partner in his cons? He's working out a scam of casinos, gathering intelligence in Atlantic City. The fly in the ointment is his son, Joe Jr., a mentally-challenged young man about to turn 21, aging out of a group home, belligerent as the move to an adult home and his father's lack of contact upset him. Joe Jr.'s counselor insists that Joe take his son for awhile to calm him down and prepare him for the transfer. Can a mentally-challenged, unloved kid make his way with grifters? Can a father discover new emotions? What about scamming the casinos?
4074 ::: Les déclassés (2001) ::: The charismatic Paris crook Le Normand, as he is called respectfully by his followers, is somewhere between a murder and a poet, between a gangster and a philosopher. Thirty years ago, this Nietzschean figure moved from the industrial port of Le Havre, but has never really left the town behind him. He is an expert at psychological manipulation, but knows that in the end he will be the victim of his own misbehaviour. To fight a war against rival gangs, he hires a man, Nico, who is however soon forced by one of the gangs to betray his boss. Le Normand takes his revenge by killing Sergio, a friend of Nico, and also brutally murdering his brother. Nico in turn wants revenge. He reports bravely to the headquarters of the philosopher-murderer in Le Havre for a duel. But then events take an unexpected turn
4075 ::: Gospel Good, Gospel Bad, Gospel Ugly (2012) ::: Robert Chestnut, the lead singer of a quartet gospel group, must get his group signed to a major record label while navigating setbacks, flaws in his and key members' characters as well as their personal lives ... and deal with a personal tragedy. Robert possesses a tremendous capacity for finding ways to help others. Attempting to repair a faltering marriage with his estranged wife, while overcoming his weakness for advances by other women, he helps other group members navigate trials in their own lives. The guitar player struggles with a drug problem and an abusive relationship with baby-momma. His younger brother is unsavory and underhanded. To make matters worse, the co-founder/manager of the group leaves during critical record label negotiations to explore the world of R&B music. The group does many positive things besides inspiring others with song. They feed the hungry, take on just causes that improve society, teach kids to gain an education and set goals for their lives. Yet, as human beings, they each have their own shortcomings to conquer. In this movie, filled with joy, despair, ups and downs, drama, action, intrigue, and a peek into the world of modern-day slavery and exploitation, a social issue the group confronts head-on, we get to see a story based on the real world of what people, even in the world of gospel music can go through ... the good, the bad and the ugly.
4076 ::: Nodoka mori no dobutsu daisakusen (1980) ::: Peter the fairy, who is head of Placid forest, loves to play with his animal friends. One day "Man" threatens to destroy their homes by cutting down the trees. They decide to peacefully protest but the humans won't listen. With their lives at stake, the animals and Peter carry out their final operation.
4077 ::: "JuNCurryAhn" (2015) ::: This is the official Viki channel for JuNCurryAhn. Jun Sung Ahn (JuNCurryAhn) is a talented violinist well-known for his pop and K-pop covers on YouTube. Website: www.juncurryahn.com YouTube: youtube.com/juncurryahn Twitter: @juncurryahn Tumblr: juncurryahn.tumblr.com IG: @juncurryahn.
4078 ::: El Codo del Diablo (2014) ::: Puerto Limon, Costa Rica, 1948. Four days before Christmas, Setico a 12-year-old boy must take a train in search of his father. A trip that will reveal the forgotten memories of this banana enclave and the murder of six political prisoners in a place known as Devil's Elbow.
4079 ::: Atrapados por el dopaje (2005) ::: Very few athletes admit to having taken doping substances, but positives in anti-doping controls are constant. Erythropoietin, Nandrolone, Cortisone..., all of them substances of exclusively medical employ, with an almost magical power when used by elite athletes. The athlete that takes them can beat his own record or improve his performance and reach the podium. Dopes can make athletes win medals, a match, a stage... The athlete ends by being the victim of a system that more and more induces to doping. Technicians, clubs and directors benefit from the victories that doping produces, but when the athlete is 'marked' in a control, he is the only one that faces the consequences, not only sportive but also in his health. Athletes who have given 'positives' in controls do not admit taking dope, nor do they blame anybody in their entourage but they all attribute the 'positive' to a scientific error; such is the case of Alberto García, or the footballer Carlos Gurpegui. Only a cyclist, Jesús Manzano, has dared to denounce the doping networks and that has caused him big judiciary problems in our country.
4080 ::: La Boomba (1988) ::: Blade and Bertha are two big-breasted biker chicks. Muffy and Skip are two yuppie nerds who need a good lickin'. Clyde is a parole officer who would like a big bust or two under his belt. When their Volvo breaks down, Muffy and Skip find themselves on biker turf. The revenge of Blade, Bertha and the rest of the 38 DD gang is hot enough to blow the heads off any hard-tail. These rough rider babes leave no doubt about what they put between their legs for excitement.
4081 ::: Mammo (1994) ::: 13 year old Riyaz lives a poor lifestyle in Bombay, India, with his grandmother, Fayyuzi, and her sister, Mehmooda alias Mammo. Quite outspoken and embittered over his dad abandoning him, Riyaz does not have many friends, save for Rohan. When Mammo plans a surprise birthday party for him, Riyaz is offended as he believes his friends will make fun of him as his lifestyle is not as good as their's. Fayyuzi and Riyaz have an argument with Mammo, and she leaves for the Mosque at Haji Ali, but returns when both apologize to her. Although Mammo was born in Panipat during the British Raj, she was one of thousands of Muslims who left for Pakistan. She was married over there, could not conceive, was branded a "barren woman", and asked to leave. Having nowhere else to go, she came to live with her widowed sister in Bombay on a temporary Visa. Every month she would walk to the nearest Police Station and get an extension. She finally paid a Rs.4800/ as a bribe in order to get a permanent visa through Inspector Apte. When Apte was transferred, a new Police Inspector took over, processed her papers, held her to be an illegal immigrant, arrested her, had her escorted to the Bombay Central Railway Station, board the Frontier Mail, which would return her to Pakistan. Riyaz and Fayyuzi make every possible attempt to trace and bring her back, which was all in vain. Now 20 years later, Riyaz has grown up and has written a book about his Mammo, hoping that someday, somewhere she will find it and they will be reunited again.
4082 ::: The Black Candle (2008) ::: A documentary about the struggle and triumph of African-American family, community, and culture, using Kwanzaa as a vehicle to celebrate the African-American experience. The seven principles of Kwanzaa (unity, self-determination, collective work and responsibility, cooperative economics, purpose, creativity and faith) are so important to African-Americans today. The documentary explores the holiday's growth out of the Black Power Movement in the 1960s to its present-day reality as a global, pan-African holiday embraced by over 40 million celebrants.
4083 ::: Min balsamerade mor (2002) ::: On August 15, 1816 the thirty-five year old Baroness, Jacquette Du Rietz dies from consumption at Mariedal Castle in Singapore. The grief suffered by Count Gustaf Piper is huge and in his despair he lets embalm his beloved Jacquette. The four young daughters are doing their best to try to understand his father's way of handling their mother's death.
4084 ::: Pongerz (2007) ::: What do you get when you cross Ping Pong, Alcohol, A Host, A DJ, Hot Chicks, Colorful Characters, Drinking Rules, Shot Sides, Crass Commentators, an all night House Party, and bad ass Players with Sick Moves? The Underground Table Tennis League Pongerz.
4085 ::: Your Friendly Neighborhood Hero (2008) ::: You may have seen them on TV or read about them in a magazine. They are a cult phenomenon of do-gooders donning costumes to perform heroic deeds like patrolling neighborhoods, feeding homeless, cleaning up streets and performing community services. This Documentary film examines the motives, minds and lives of four different Real Life Superheroes: 'Superhero', 'Hardwire', 'Mr. Silent' and 'Master Legend'. Follow these unique characters and explore the driving force behind the calling to be a Real Life Superhero.
4086 ::: :30 with Josie (2013) ::: Josie is a cute, successful, confident, single lady dating in city. On the search to find the one. Follow her as she goes on dates with potential future husbands. In thirty seconds these men are running. Why? You'll have to find out by watching.
4087 ::: Merrily We Roll Along: The Early Days of the Automobile (1961) ::: This historical documentary covers the development of the automobile and roadways from about 1900 to 1939. Narrated by Groucho Marx we see how the horseless carriage supplanted the horse and streetcar in American life. Vintage photos and video as well as reenactments of daily life with electric, internal combustion and steam automobiles and the rutted, muddy roads that began to snake out from city to country. Groucho Marx make use of his wit to bring into the light that period of Americana.
4088 ::: The Last Diary of Nikita Rose (????) ::: Nikita Rose's sister is attacked as they speak via a FaceTime call and never seen again. Exactly a year later, Nikita and her new partner Ben begin to notice odd things happening at night in and around their house. For her own peace of mind Nikita makes a Video Diary, filming everything including inadvertently the attacker, but after the odd incidents continue they decide to have Infra-Red CCTV installed. At this time Ben has to leave on business so Nikita invites her two friends over for company and drinks. That night her stalker attacks them all and all of the slaughter is captured by CCTV and Nikita's video camera.
4089 ::: Rude Awakening (1989) ::: In the late 1960s, two hippies are forced to leave their friends as they are wanted by the FBI, who see them as criminals. They hide in the jungle for 20 years, secluded from the outside war. In the late 1980s, they find out that a secret war is about to start in the US, and decided to return to New York to tell someone about it. What they find when they return is that all of their fellow hippies have become rich yuppies, like everyone else, and that no one wants to save the world anymore -- they just want to buy it.
4090 ::: "Head Trip" (1999) ::: MTV's short lived program where they took different celebrity's (Bruce Willis, Ricky Martin, and Joshua Jackson to name a few) heads and put them on little animated bodies. The celebs would then act out little 2 minute skits through by spoofing an incident, movie, or video.
4091 ::: Nejvetsí prání II (1990) ::: In 1964, 'Jan Spáta' (qv) created his documentary called _Nejvetsí prání (1964)_ (qv), an enquette about the desires of the young generation. It was a time of political liberalization in Czechoslovakia and thus also a time of beautiful visons and desires. In 1969, the film was banned. Jan Spata came back to his "Greatest Wish" in 1990 and created a feature documentary comparing that period with the 1989 events. He even found some people interviewed in 1964 and asked them to speak again, now being 25 years older.
4092 ::: I Want to See the Manager (2014) ::: In the light of the current transformations within the global power structure, I WANT TO SEE THE MANAGER traces the linkage of economic ascent and decline in seven paradigmatic episodes. India, Bolivia, China, USA, Italy, Thailand, Venezuela - each place contains fragments of another; each episode bears testament to the hopes and fears of its protagonists. By juxtaposing these local experiences in the face of global economy, the film questions the notion of rise and decay.
4093 ::: Thought Crimes: The Case of the Cannibal Cop (2015) ::: Dubbed "The Cannibal Cop," Gilberto Valle was convicted in March 2013 of conspiring to kidnap and eat young women. Valle argued it was all a fantasy; the prosecution's narrative convinced jurors otherwise. Valle was facing a possible life sentence when filmmaker Erin Lee Carr began visiting him in prison. After 22 months behind bars, his conviction was overturned in a stunning reversal. The film was there for his release and subsequent house arrest to examine a life arrested. But the question remains: given the chance, would he, could he, have done it? "Thought Crimes" unravels the conflicting stories of a potentially dangerous young man and the unexpected consequences of our online activity. Young, handsome and married, New York City police officer Gil Valle had a secret double life. He liked to chat online about kidnapping, raping and eating young women. A lot. When his dark side was discovered, tabloids dubbed him "The Cannibal Cop" and a scandalous criminal trial ensued. While he never physically touched any person named in his charges, he now faced a surprising life sentence. Filmmaker Erin Lee Carr began visiting Valle, who maintained that it was all just fantasy, when the unexpected happened: Valle's conviction was overturned. While awaiting news of either a re-trial or freedom, cameras enter his cloistered life and begin uncovering conflicting stories of what really happened in the wake of all those internet posts. Thought Crimes presses not only the unsettling question of whether he would have actually done any of it, but expertly maps one of the most prescient debates of the online age: when do our virtual thoughts become a crime?
4094 ::: Frag (2008) ::: The true story of professional video gaming. Almost everyone in the world has played a video game, but some kids do it for a living. FRAG shed light on the struggles that kids face while trying to break into and maintain success in pro gaming. At a young age, they are faced with making adult decisions that impact the rest of their lives. Below the surface of a simple game is an underbelly of corruption, money, drugs, and even death. Exploited, abused, and abandoned, most gamers fail to reach the top, but like all sports, there are heroes, FRAG pulls the curtain back on the biggest sport industry in the world..one that you know nothing about. FRAG is a behind-the-scenes look at the professional video gaming industry. It follows several aspiring pros as they struggle to reach financial success. FRAG also examines the dark side of the industry: partying, drugs, corruption, and racism.
4095 ::: With Great Power (2003) ::: Like is hero, Spiderman, Louis has the power to hurt and to heal. After losing himself to rage in sixth grade and putting another student in the hospital, Louis set out to conquer his anger and today serves as a mediator against violence in his school and home.
4096 ::: The Search for Shana Star (????) ::: The desolate, harsh and untamed American West of the 1890's is the backdrop for this blood bathed story of redemption and revenge. Upon returning home to find his wife dead and his daughter gone, aging outlaw Mathew Star sets out rescue his kidnapped daughter from the clutches of a rage filled, one armed desperado who is seeking retribution. As Mathew traverses the wild frontier he recruits the unlikely help of an overly ambitious Deputy Marshall and a crazed British prostitute. Together they will form an unlikely alliance to survive.
4097 ::: Boss (2013/I) ::: Boss (Akshay Kumar) takes the blame for a murder done by his father mistakenly... after serving his jail term he becomes a gangster who is cool and fearless. But all hell breaks loose when a corrupt police officer and a politician give him a contract to kill, which causes him a terrible dilemma. Surya is disowned by his father Satyakant Shashtri after he stabs his classmate,years later Satyakant now lives with his younger son Shiv,Shiv falls in love with Ankita sister of a corrupt police officer ACP Ayushman Thakur when he finds this he beats up Shiv and frames him for crimes he did not commit, Surya now (Boss) works as a kind hear ted gangster who helps needy people and was taken care by Tauji after he saved his life.Satyakant his left helpless and turns to Surya for help on the other hand Ayushman offers contract to Surya to kill Shiv when Surya comes to know about Ayushman plans he decides to take revenge on Ayushman for wrongly framing his brother.Tauji also tells Satyakant that Surya never stabbed his classmate it was when Satyakant pushed Surya and his classmate to a room to end their fight the boy fell on a sharp weapon and died and Surya took the blame on him to save his father in the end Surya kills Ayushman in a major fight and Satyakant reunites with both his sons.
4098 ::: Splintered Soul (????) ::: After 6 years in a Mental Hospital, 24-year-old Eddie is home to piece his life back together. But when Eddie's image emerges from the mirror in his basement, and starts killing everyone he's close to, the only way Eddie can save the woman he loves - is to die.
4099 ::: Ascension (2004/I) ::: On the battle grounds of Hillcrest High School, Chris endures daily torment by his peers. Tracy observes the cruelty around her and submerges into a deep depression. When Chris's plans for revenge endanger the school, Tracy puts her life on the line.
4100 ::: Firestorm (2010) ::: Every minute in the United States, an ambulance gets turned away from an emergency room because hospitals are simply too full. In Los Angeles, where the wait time in some ERs is as long as 48 hours, the entire 911 system is being dragged down in ways that are alarming. FIRESTORM follows the Los Angeles Fire Department Station 65, located in South L.A., a neighborhood with a largely uninsured and undereducated population. The LAFD handles all emergency medical services for the city of Los Angeles, and currently 82% of the department's work is medical-rather than fire-related. Ten hospitals have closed in just five years in L.A., and the challenge of delivering more than 500 patients per day to a shrinking number of hospitals is overwhelming the LAFD. With resources strained, and 911 being used for everything from heart attacks to stomach aches, LAFD paramedics have become virtual 'doctors in a box' according to Fire Chief Daniel McCarthy. Shot cinema vérité, with candid interviews and punctuated with stunning still images by Ed Kashi, FIRESTORM depicts the insanity behind a rapidly unraveling health care safety net. Award-winning filmmaker Julie Winokur and world-renowned photojournalist Ed Kashi show how 911 has become the speed dial for those who either don't have access to health care or don't manage their care properly. Instead of putting out fires and responding to life-and-death emergencies, EMS personnel are essentially filling a void in medical care and stretching themselves to the brink. So who will rescue the rescuers?
4101 ::: "My Simple Changes" (2017) ::: Each episode of My Simple Changes offers a humorous, easy-to-follow guide for finding the best simple changes, with products and lifestyle, to improve your health. I've had a lifelong battle with autoimmune disease and discovered how to alleviate symptoms, based around experience, educating myself and healing inflammation in the body. If you have an autoimmune disorder, Crohn's disease or are living through your ailments and wanting change, but it's overwhelming and you don't know where to start, you're in the right spot.
4102 ::: The Colony (1996) ::: A man moves his family into a suburbia that at first seems fantastic, but soon turns into a nightmare. Set in a high-price Malibu community, this film wallows in a multitude of extramarital affairs, corporate intrigue and elegant back-stabbing, Characters crucial to the plot-line are a cop posing as an auto mechanic, and a sexy nanny who intends to break up her best friend's marriage.
4103 ::: The Envelope (2012/I) ::: Confused and alone a homeless boy takes a job washing towels for a stranger, but nothing is as it seems. Caught up in a web of small town crime, the boy witnesses his employer, who slowly becomes his friend, spiral out of control. The secret debt that the stranger owes eventually leads to a violent confrontation that tests the new-found friendship of him and the boy.
4104 ::: Sumasshedshaya pomoshch (2009) ::: Kind and lazy Jenya comes to Moscow from small village in Belarus for earnings... Criminal incident unexpectedly separates Jenya from companions and leaves him alone without money and documents. He has no friends or relatives in this big and hostile city and he is about to end as a homeless bum... But suddenly a miracle happens with Jenya: a strange old man brought homeless Jenya to his flat and let him stay. Soon Jenya is invited to join a strange fight the old man is engaged in: a fight against evil, that spoils life in Moscow. Jenya willingly participates in the old man's undertakings, until he meets the old man's daughter who reveals Jenya a horrible truth of her father.
4105 ::: La máquina del tiempo del cine aragonés (2016) ::: An Aragonese as Segundo de Chomón established the fundamental principles of Animation thanks to the invention of the crank passage. Aragon gave to the history of the cinema one of the most universal names, Luis Buńuel. Great directors, actors and technicians, as well as collectives, have given moments important to the history of cinema. For more than 100 years, Aragón has been and is a Land of Cinema, have been filmed infinity of films, diverse elements of exhibition have been created, for that reason and for many others motives, we want to show in a general way, the important combination of Aragon and cinema. Come and enjoy the CINEMA ARAGONES.
4106 ::: Thursday's Game (1974) ::: Harry Evers and Marvin Ellison have been playing poker Thursday nights with their friends for years. When a disagreement breaks up the game, they decide to continue meeting and doing different things together, instead of staying home with their wives. When the wives find out that the games stopped some time ago, they are a quite upset. Just what have they been doing on Thursday nights.
4107 ::: Romantic Schemer (2015) ::: After a long and arduous divorce, Debra vacations at a quiet off-season beach to decompress and forget about men. Immediately, a pushy lifeguard hits on her, and she blows him off. Then his TWIN cowboy brother, a gentleman but a taker, then finally the TRIPLET artist brother whom she likes, until she finds out she's been had, and engages in a fun and intriguing game of tit for tat.
4108 ::: Operation Haylift (1950) ::: Eighteen snowstorms in 27 days hit the Rocky Mountain and upper Great Plains states in December 1948-January 1949. This epic tells the tale of how the US Air Force airdropped food and supplies to stranded travelers, residents and livestock.
4109 ::: Trailer War (2012) ::: Unleashed from the vaults of the Alamo Drafthouse, a meticulous selection of the best, strangest and most amazing coming attraction trailers in the world! Most have never been available in any home format, and all are presented for the first time in high definition. From the high flying, explosive metal mayhem of STUNT ROCK to THUNDER COPS' disembodied flying head chaos, each 3 minute masterpiece is like a beckoning portal to another, more exciting dimension. It's a crippling overdose of towering flames, mechanized destruction, lurking fear, poor sexual choices and spiritual devastation on an apocalyptic scale.
4110 ::: Nekri politeia (1951) ::: Petros finishes his studies and returns to his home, in Mystras. His mother expects him to continue an old vendetta of his ancestors, but he has not such intentions. On the contrary, he will fall in love with Lena, member of the hostile family.
4111 ::: Disk Hunt (2010) ::: Rival governments try to acquire a secret document contained on a computer disk and their beautiful and busty agents cooperate and double-cross each other to grab it. Along the way, the lovely ladies are securely roped and gagged and struggle desperately - and futilely - to escape.
4112 ::: Ache (2017/IV) ::: Yuki, looking depressed with a big bandage on her right cheek, goes to her grandmother's house in the country side. At night, when she was changing the bandage, she looks herself in the mirror with a big wound on her cheek, and falls into despair...
4113 ::: The Gypsy Children (????) ::: Carley Mitchell almost lost her son Toby once to a terrible accident and her husband to another woman. Now, on a vacation to Spain meant to heal the family's wounds, all hope for happiness seems dashed when a band of urchins lure Toby away and disappear with him into the streets of a strange city.
4114 ::: "DC Kids" (2017) ::: DC Kids is the show for all kids that love superheroes hosted by two kid super-fans, Jett and Analei. Each episode will focus on a different type of segment: DC Super Hero Hacks, DC Unboxed, DC Game On, DC Hero's Challenge, DC Exclusive Access, and Collabs with other YouTube creators.
4115 ::: "Love at Borderland" (2017) ::: In the late 1950s, a female undergraduate student of Beijing Broadcasting Institute- Wen Yiqiu falls in love with Vica, a Russian meritorious announcer, and marries him. With relations between China and the Soviet Union worsening, Russia pulls out all Russian personnel and experts from Mainland China including Vica. In order to live closer to her exiled husband Vica, Wen Yiqiu volunteers to work at the Radio station on the border city of Heihe, between China and Russia. Vica goes to work at Blagoveshchensk, which is just on the other side across the Heihe River. During the long and challenging years of separation, they try to stay connected and comfort each other by listening to their voices through broadcast radio. After 20 years of waiting without any hope of reunion, Yiqiu (somewhat reluctantly) marries her colleague, Song Shaoshan. Years later, with the normalization of Chinese-Russian relation, songs of friendship are heard on the radio again. Deeply touched by the love between Yiqiu and Vica, Yiqiu's husband Shaoshan helps her to make contact and to go across the river to finally meet Vica. The moving climax to the story and the series is where a much older Yiqiu and Vica after years of longing and decades of separation are finally reunited in Beijing. This unique Chinese love story portrayed in Mandarin and Russian all takes place under the guise of broadcast radio.
4116 ::: Of Earth and Sky (1996) ::: The story of a woman in transition, Of Earth & Sky reveals a longing for self-love and fulfillment. Lily (Elisa Surmont) wanting to have a child, becomes pregnant and miscarries. She is then forced to bury her loss of the child that can never be. Jack (Tom Swanson) the would be father, resists her desire to take the relationship to the next level. Through an encounter with a mysterious Artist, (Patricia Spingeld), Lily is given a painting of a Mother and child. The painting seemingly has magical qualities that transforms Lily's dreams and begins her journey of hope.
4117 ::: Michel J. (2002) ::: Michel J consists of a series of portraits drawn from a video that was filmed during the religious service for the death of Michel Journiac in October 1995. It is the memory of this mass, the representation of a rite. A video work at first, it uses photography and ends up in painting, in pictorialness, through numerous references to the History of art and to ancient and modern painting.
4118 ::: The Abomination (1986) ::: A middle-aged woman is diagnosed with a tumor by a charismatic preacher. She vomits up what she believes to be the tumor. The "tumor" turns out to be a strange spore of sorts that can grow into a carnivorous creature. This spore inside the boy's body now makes him brutally kill people to feed the other spores, which grow into strange creatures as described.
4119 ::: Pacific Heights (1990) ::: A yuppie couple buy a large house in an exclusive San Fransisco neighborhood. They renovate it and plan to rent two apartments on the first floor to cover the costs. A prosperous looking man moves in but is not the ideal tenant. He never pays any rent, drives the other tenants away and systematically ruins the lives of his landlords.
4120 ::: A New Page (2007) ::: As a middle-aged writer is struggling to complete his book, he begins to isolate himself from his family, his friends, and the world. One night, as he is wrestling with a new page, the writer is confronted by his daughter who attempts to bring him back and reform his priorities.
4121 ::: Olum Hakkinda Bilmeniz Gereken Uc Sey (2015) ::: Ibrahim is an old man who keeps living with his large family in one of those desolated villages of Anatolia. Ibrahim's life, which is quite ordinary, changes completely with the death of his wife, Meryem. Because the new and inexperienced imam which is appointed to the village do not let the corpse be buried since a white shroud cannot be found. On the one hand, Ibrahim is trying to handle with the death of his wife and on the other hand he is getting into an extraordinary struggle with his friend, Musa, in order to bury his wife. Ibrahim is an old man who keeps living with his large family in one of those desolated villages of Anatolia. Ibrahim's life, which is quite ordinary, changes completely with the death of his wife, Meryem. Because the new and inexperienced imam which is appointed to the village do not let the corpse be buried since a white shroud cannot be found. On the one hand, Ibrahim is trying to handle with the death of his wife and on the other hand he is getting into an extraordinary struggle with his friend, Musa, in order to bury his wife. This film with its story, which is an embodiment of present day Turkey, focuses on the negative world the governments -which base their powers source upon divine dimensions- created with their uncriticizable and irrefutable applications; furthermore it shows the boundaries of this World and offers its own solution.
4122 ::: The Dog Who Saved Easter (2014) ::: It's Easter and everyone's favorite K-9 is back! The Bannisters are heading out on a family cruise and sending Zeus to doggie day care. Everything is going according to plan until the daycare's crosstown rival hires a trio of crooks to sabotage the fledgling business. Zeus will make some new friends and new enemies as he uses all his tricks to save the daycare and Easter!
4123 ::: The Lone Ranger (1938) ::: CHAP. 1, HI YO SILVER: An outlaw leader planning to take control of Texas after the Civil War kills Colonel Jeffries, a man empowered to levy taxes, and assumes his identity. His men then murder a troop of Rangers. Tonto finds one Ranger still alive and he becomes the Lone Ranger. A Jeffries spy thinks one of five men is the Lone Ranger and to eliminate his enemy, Jeffries has all five captured and sentenced to death. CHAP. 2, THUNDERING EARTH: Jeffries' men plan to wipe out a wagon train of Texans. CHAP. 3, PITFALL: Jeffries forces Blanchard to send a recommendation that he be made Governor. The Lone Ranger chases the courier but a spiked pit awaits him. CHAP. 4, AGENT OF TREACHERY: Jeffries prepares another trap for the Lone Ranger. CHAP. 5, STEAMING CALDRON: Catching one of Jeffries' men who trailed a wounded Jim Clark to their secret caved, there is a fight and the Lone Ranger ends up trapped in a pit with a steaming cauldron. CHAP. 6, RED MAN'S COURAGE: Clark dies from his wounds. Of the four remaining Rangers, the identity of the Lone Ranger is still unknown. When Jeffries' men kill two Indians and leave silver bullets, their tribesmen capture Tonto and prepare to kill him. CHAP. 7, WHEELS OF DISASTER: Joan has been placed in a wagon with gun powder and the Lone Ranger rides to save her. CHAP. 8, FATAL TREASURE: The Rangers get Jeffries' silver but retrieving it the next day, two of the Rangers get trapped in a well. CHAP. 9, MISSING SPUR: The Rangers are jailed for taking the silver. Kester has obtained the spur from the Lone Ranger and now says he will identify him. CHAP. 10, FLAMING FURY: The Lone Ranger and Tonto get trapped in a burning barn. CHAP. 11, SILVER BULLET: When Jeffries' men kill Bob Stuart's uncle, the maker of the silver bullets, Stuart trails them and ends up in a gunfight. CHAP. 12, ESCAPE: Stuart dies leaving three Rangers. Trying to save Joan and her father, they and the Lone Ranger are in a stage that goes over a cliff. CHAP. 13, FATAL PLUNGE: Chapter 1 flashback. CHAP. 14, MESSENGER OF DOOM: Kester uses the Rangers' pigeons to locate their secret cave. Greatly outnumbered, Forrest collapses the cave ceiling killing himself and the soldiers. CHAP. 15, LAST OF THE RANGERS: The two remaining Rangers try to escape from the rest of Jeffries' men but one is killed. The Lone Ranger organizes the Texans who then meet Jeffries and his men in a final shootout. With the Texans now in control the Lone Ranger finally unmasks.
4124 ::: "No me parezco a nadie, La vida de Pedro Infante" (1998) ::: This program deals with the life and the tragic death of one of the most beloved male stars of Mexican cinema. Pedro Infante played ranch owners, singers, urban boxers, good and trustworthy sons, and heroic policemen riding motorcycles. More than any other actor, he represented the transition of rural Mexican imagery to the forms of the city.
4125 ::: Android (1983) ::: Eccentric scientist Dr.Daniel and his shy, clumsy assistant Max, lead a quiet life on their space station where they carry out illegal research into androids, until they receive an unwelcome visit from three fugitives from justice, one of whom is female. Dr.Daniel and Max are both interested in her, but one of them has rather more sinister intentions than just romance. At first, they all get along, but when one of the criminals becomes psychotic, violence erupts. Meanwhile, the space police is on their trail.
4126 ::: Ms. Cannibal Holocaust (2012) ::: The remaining tenants of a rundown poverty-row apartment building, one day away from demolition, suddenly find themselves under siege by a cannibal cult that has been terrorizing the city and their preacher like female leader known only as "The Woman". Why this preacher has picked them as her latest victims is unknown, but her plan for them is clear - they WILL know pain, they WILL know fear, and they WILL know suffering before she kills each and every one of them. With all their connections to the outside world severed, the tenants can only do their best to holdout before they are hunted down... and consumed. Then hope seems to arrive in the form of a second woman... but is this "Girl" there to save them, or does she have her own agenda with the cult... and specifically "The Woman"? And how has she come about these special powers to aid her in her thirst for revenge? She's coming. And vengeance will be upon them.
4127 ::: Great National Parks of Australia (1990) ::: This documentary explores six of Australia's spectacular and diverse national parks, capturing the beauty, history and man's impact on these areas. The video explores the relationship between the landscape and the indigenous animals, local mythology and the turbulent political and social history of each park.
4128 ::: Monsters Don't Get to Cry (2007) ::: After a brutal senseless high school shooting that left three teachers and eight students dead, a vengeful father kidnaps the shooter from police and takes him to an abandoned warehouse. His intention: to execute the killer himself. But he soon realizes the boy doesn't value human life and has no remorse for what he did. In his rage, the father feels he is left with no choice but to teach the killer a horrifying lesson through pain and torture, to make him realize the weight of his crimes.
4129 ::: 7th Secret (????) ::: A young wife harboring a shameful secret finds herself wrapped up in a double life when she ventures into the Philadelphia underground kink world. Chaos ensues as she battles to keep her traditional conservative world and her new fetish world from colliding.
4130 ::: Tutos (2008) ::: As with how the lives of a single father and his daughter are intricately bound together. Tutos - the stitch sewn to join to pieces of cloth, makes a pair of trousers and earns a living for a tailor. Tutos is a story of a small town tailor Rey and his only daughter Elisa. Not having any other female around the house, Elisa grew up being a bit too tough for a lady, or "astia", something her father incessantly complains about. While Rey effortlessly makes pairs of trousers day in and day out, he agonizes over the cold and distant demeanor of Elisa. How long will it take before Rey creates a seamless relationship with his daughter? Will it be as easy as sewing a perfect piece of garment he so skillfully makes? Boyet, a loyal co-worker, is witness to this tattered and patched relationship that is just waiting to be sewn beautifully together.
4131 ::: Blue Earth (2007) ::: A young couple, deeply committed and in love. Both are upstanding university students. The young man, Chris, is the editor in chief of the campus newspaper. The woman, Allison, is a photography major, with a promising profile and outlook on life. As the audience is getting to know and love these characters Allison is raped by a fellow student with whom she was working on a project. As is often the case, Allison keeps the event a secret, as she is too embarrassed and too conflicted to know what to do. She loses confidence in herself as well as others because someone she knew and trusted has betrayed and degraded her. Allison continues to sink into a depression and eventually, through her best friend and confidant, Chris finds out what has happened. Chris's inability to understand Allison's lack of reprisal mixes with rage, guilt and hurt as he is unable to properly share this knowledge with Allison or anyone and begin to heal. When Chris learns of the specifics of the perpetrator he begins to plot revenge. Their relationship begins to decay through mis-communication and anger.
4132 ::: Buffalo Can Dance (2009) ::: Buffalo Can Dance is a collection of Native American stories, oral history, treaty rights, and personal accounts of the importance of the buffalo. I traveled to eight reservations with a video camera documenting these narrations and video taping the buffalo when available otherwise the buffalo are from Yellowstone.
4133 ::: "Maniac" (2014) ::: Maniac is the story of Espen, a man in his thirties who is loved by everyone. Every day is a party and there's no limit to what he experiences. We meet Espen in various situations where everything is amazing and whatever happens, Espen knows how to handle it. It is simply too good to be true. Espen has escaped into his own head and where his life is a fantastic fantasy world. In real life he is a patient at the psychiatric ward. What would you choose if you were in Espens situation - to be a fantasy hero or an everyday loser?
4134 ::: Monster Heroes (2010) ::: A documentary film maker captures a unique struggle of good vs. evil. Four monsters of famous descent who are "Ugly" by society standards, join forces to take on an evil cheerleader who has turned Hollywood residents into evil beauties. Assembled by a local police officer, the four protagonists must work through their differences to defeat a common enemy.
4135 ::: The trips of the eye (2017) ::: The imaginary of the city is constructed by individual and collective representations, from that Marginality already mentioned. It is inhabited and built, transmuted, is own and foreign. And although not every building, aisle, cellar or means of transport are dwellings they are habitable. For the inhabitant of Mexico City, the subway, in which he spends at least 4 hours a day is a dwelling even when it is not his dwelling, these constructions are inhabited and when we inhabit them we build them. I have tried to point out those moments where intimacy Is made public, where the non-place becomes habitable space, own, dwelling of thoughts and Sensory experiences that will be user experience, emotional, biographical.
4136 ::: A Global Affair (1964) ::: As an employee at the United Nations building in New York City, Bob Hope finds himself in charge of an infant abandoned at the UN. Besides being a bachelor trying to cope with an infant, he must determine which nationality the baby is to have since he was abandoned on international territory. Women from several countries appear at his doorstep trying to tempt him and to get him to choose their country.
4137 ::: Blackberry Days of Summer (2018) ::: WWI has ended and everything is back to normal until a small Virginia town is rocked by secrets and seduction as Herman Camm, the town's dandy gambler who has cast his spell on the lives of three unsuspecting women, Mae Lou, her daughter Carrie, and Pearl, a blues singer at the local juke joint. Any of them had reason to murder Camm, but who actually did?
4138 ::: Time Machine: Heroes Hispanos (1993) ::: Traces Hispanic contributions from the Revolutionary War in 1776 through the Civil War (David Farragut). Showcases Hispanic American medal of Honor Winners such as David Barkley-Cantu (WWI), Jose Lopez (WWII) and Roy Benavidez (Vietnam). Also pays tributes to Hispanic-American soldiers such as painter Jesse Trevino who lost his right arm in Vietnam, only to re-teach himself to paint with his left; Jose Quintero, who, while prisoner in a Japanese camp in the Phillippines, took it upon himself to secretly sew an American Flag, despite certain death if caught, and Macario Garcia, who fought gallantly for Hispanic American soldiers civil rights. Many more interviews were conducted with Hispanic American soldiers who were witnesses to the liberation of Nazi death camps as well as Prisoners of War in Bataan (WWII) and Vietnam. Many of these heroes are now deceased and this documentary is the last testament of their bravery and existence.
4139 ::: "Mahroumin: The Deprived" (2017) ::: The story line revolves around a group of people, living in the poorer neighborhoods of Beirut, who work together in the emergency aid services. Aya, a school teacher, falls in love with Tarek, one of the victims she helped rescue. Marwan and Doha's marriage is on the rocks, due to Marwan's unemployment and their inability to have children. The struggles and poverty that they are faced with, entangles them in troubles that never end.
4140 ::: Sphinx (1961) ::: Travelogue documentary short film that journeys along the banks of the Nile river, from the border of Sudan and Egypt to the ocean. The film shows old and new Egypt: from the ancient pyramids of Giza, the famous Houses of the Gods in Abu Simbel, and Luxor, to Egypt's modern cities and the Suez Canal. Directed by the renowned Macedonian poet, prose, and script writer.
4141 ::: Kostana (1976) ::: TV adaptation of the Bora Stankovic drama, the most staged play in the history of Serbian theatre. Set in the southern Serbian town of Vranje, it is a tragedy about a Gypsy singing girl destined to marry but not for love. The old man Mitke loves her beauty and singing, but doesn't love her as a woman. Her talent and free spirit reminds him of his youth, young age and all he had to sacrifice for loveless marriage and unhappiness in order to fit into conventions.
4142 ::: Henry Aldrich Swings It (1943) ::: Complications arise when Henry, in love with the new music teacher, joins the band. He accidentally gets a Stradivarius that belongs to another man.
4143 ::: Die Niklashauser Fart (1970) ::: Can a small group of people start a proletarian revolution, asks the "Black Monk" in a leather jacket. The medieval shepherd, Hans Boehm, claims to have been called by the Virgin Mary to create a revolt against the church and the landowners. The "Black Monk" suggests that he would have more success if he dressed up Johanna and had her appear as the Virgin Mary.
4144 ::: Seishin (2008) ::: MENTAL is a feature-length documentary that observes the complex world of an outpatient mental health clinic in Japan, interwoven with patients, doctors, staff, volunteers, and home-helpers, in cinema-verite style. The film breaks a major taboo against discussing mental illness prevalent in Japanese society, and captures the candid lives of people coping with suicidal tendencies, poverty, a sense of shame, apprehension, and fear of society. People with various mental illnesses such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, eating disorders, panic disorder, and personality disorder visit Chorale Okayama to see Dr. Masatomo Yamamoto. They are men and women of all ages, with diverse backgrounds and various attitudes to their own illnesses. There is an elite businessman who worked too hard and was diagnosed with "burn-out syndrome." There is a woman who has suffered from an eating disorder since somebody said to her that her legs were too fat. There is a schizophrenic mother who abused and killed her own newborn baby. Because of their illnesses, some attempt suicide repeatedly, and others actually end up killing themselves (As of today, two of the patients in the film have committed suicide). Some have been dealing with their illnesses for decades, and have developed their own philosophy, religious faith, or artistic expressions. Some hide their illnesses even from their family members and friends, while others give lectures to reduce prejudice and misunderstanding about mental illness. When Dr. Masatomo Yamamoto, founder and director of Chorale Okayama, worked for a mental hospital, he questioned why the locks installed on the doors of the wards could only be unlocked from the outside. "These locks are not for patients but for doctors and staff," he thought. Then, he became a pioneer in the movement to get rid of locks from psychiatric wards. At Chorale Okayama, he tries to support patients so that they will be able to live in society, not locked up in hospitals. He created two kinds of workplaces for patients: Pastel, a milk-delivery service company, and Mini-Chorale, a small restaurant. However, the situation surrounding mental health care in Japan is not so forgiving. Suffering from budget deficits, national and local governments are cutting costs, grants, and services toward mental patients and institutions. MENTAL depicts various aspects and problems of mental health, showing such scenes as consultations and treatments of patients by Dr. Yamamoto, education of nurses, waiting rooms filled with patients, staff members negotiating with government agencies to maintain services, activities at Pastel and Mini-Chorale, and home helpers supporting patients living at home. It also depicts the daily lives and candid faces of patients, revealing their philosophy, sufferings, anxiety, and joy.
4145 ::: Treatment Plan (2011) ::: Treatment Plan - A psychiatric patient in a waterside hospital suffers from severe depression. The art therapist suggests a video camera, and the treatment plan develops. The film was shot over a five month period near the Verrazano Narrows, and inspired by the difficulties of encountering the possibilities and potentials of the high-definition image.
4146 ::: The Pearl River College Story: A Historical Documentary (2004) ::: A music box with two speakers, has been source of all energy supplies to multimedia by ancient methacoded software line, case study dod frank coco Chanal CCTV 5 and CCTV automobile CCTV Africa,,, morality, human rights , justice system what mother means to the children in life, two little children lost there mother, betrayal of the family all by criminology by technology by creating coded software....sold people,s privacy by using them as there slaves, I believe for truth will be out, for a believer saviour has is much bigger power then evil ....God Bless All Humans
4147 ::: The Hustle (2003) ::: What do you do when your biggest dream is just an arms reach away. Tre-Dog and C-Note long for the day to be the biggest rap stars in the city of Ft. Lauderdale but don't have the dough or the connections to get there. When a bogus record label offers to sign them if they can come up with their own promotion money, the hustle is on. The two rappers scam their way into raising 20,000 dollars the fast way, stealing it. Now two be wannabee rap stars are on the run from one of the hood's most dangerous drug ealers. Is their dream worth dying for or can they hustle their way out of this one? The Hustle is definitely a slap your knee, gut busting comedy about two hustlers who find themselves getting hustled.
4148 ::: La triche (1984) ::: In the docks of Bordeaux a well-known homosexual was murdered. Police Inspector Michel Verta starts investigating, when he falls in love with Bernard, a handsome young musician. This not only threatens his family life but also his integrity, for he is married with a child and Bernard is one of the murder suspects.
4149 ::: The Jeweled Heart Murders (2016) ::: Face down in a pool of blood, at the hands of a sharp, jagged-edged dagger, is how the latest victim of murder is found, until this cold-hearted, cunning killer moves on to the NEXT victim. What will Jan, Richard and Katherine do when their town is suddenly preyed upon by a mysterious, calculating homicidal maniac who's said to be identified as wearing a 'jeweled heart pennant' of some sort? Is it someone they might know? Or even worst, are they NEXT?
4150 ::: The Life and Times of Paul the Psychic Octopus (2012) ::: The official and exclusive story of the world's most beloved and scorned cephalopod, whose remarkable string of eight correct 'predictions' during the 2010 Soccer World Cup made him a worldwide superstar. Whether Paul is an honest-to-goodness 21st century oracle, or a tentacled sham, remains a hotly debated topic. What is certain, though, is that Paul's unmatched string of correct predictions has affected us, made us dream, and impacted popular culture. THE LIFE AND TIMES OF PAUL THE PSYCHIC OCTOPUS is a biopic of tentacular proportions--one that explores celebrity mania at its most outrageous, the science of probabilities, and the possibility of higher powers.
4151 ::: Rojo Orgásmico (2012) ::: A film student, Samurai, decides to make a documentary on Casandra's, a table dancer, work and family life. The nearness of both makes her fall in love to the filmmaker. He prefers to leave her and finish the work filming her in secret; this abandonment makes the story finish on a tragedy.
4152 ::: Johnny Boy (2009) ::: A Martin Scorsese influenced drama about Michael (James Paulsgrove) returning home from prison after doing three years to his Father (Mike Reece) and little brother Tony (Dallos Paz). When the leader of Michael's old gang, Johnny Boy (Mickey Reece) starts coming back around Michael becomes a suspect in an investigation lead by an undercover police officer (Todd Staggs). Michael is then forced to disappear to a farm in Arkansas owned by a man named Chief Swanson (Kameron Primm), a known mafia assassin.
4153 ::: Thomas & Friends: Up, Up and Away! (2012) ::: The sky's the limit for fun with Thomas and his friends! Thomas and Percy have a special special as they try and try again to bring balloons to Mr. Bubbles' Big Balloon Show. At the Children's Steam Fair, Emily learns there are great rewards - and laughs - in helping others, Kevin tries his hook at Hide and Peep, and Thomas has a wonky whistle! Up, up and away for exciting adventures with Thomas & Friends. Features the episodes: Up, Up and Away!, Wonky Whistle, Kevin the Steamie & Emily and Dash. Thomas and his friends reach new heights in these high-flying adventures! Thomas and Percy have a special job to do as they try and try again to bring balloons to Mr. Bubbles' Big Balloon Show. At the Children's Steam Fair, Emily learns there are great rewards - and laughs - in helping others; Kevin tries his hook at Hide and Peep, and Thomas has a wonky whistle! Up, up and away for fun and adventure!
4154 ::: At the Fork (2016) ::: Filmmaker and omnivore John Papola, together with his vegetarian wife Lisa, offer up a timely and refreshingly unbiased look at how farm animals are raised for our consumption. With unprecedented access to large-scale conventional farms, Papola asks the tough questions behind every hamburger, glass of milk and baby-back rib. What he discovers are not heartless industrialists, but America's farmers - real people who, along with him, are grappling with the moral dimensions of farming animals for food.
4155 ::: Made in Heaven (1952) ::: The historic market town of Dunmow, England is famous for the Dunmow Flitch, a mock trial to find the married couple epitomizing fidelity by proving they have had thoughts of no other for a year and a day, with the winning couple receiving a flitch of bacon, especially welcome and hard to come by during the post-war era. The Tophams have lived in Dunmow for fifteen years, but are still seen as outsiders by the Dunmow traditionalists, especially Miss Rosabelle Honeycroft, the elder domineering sister of the mild-mannered vicar, Hayworth Honeycroft. That is why Miss Honeycroft is so irked that Marjorie Topham has nominated her son, Basil Topham, and Basil's wife, Julie Topham, as the only entrants in this year's Flitch. Basil and Julie's young married life is not perfect as they live with Basil's parents, Marjorie and Aubrey Topham, and Basil's grandfather, Hillary Topham - which is a little too cozy for Julie's tastes - while their house is being built by local contractor Stanley Grimes, who seems in no hurry to get the job done. Basil and Julie didn't want to enter the Flitch as it places their life under a microscope. The lives of the Tophams and of all the men in town are turned upside down with the arrival of the Topham's new housekeeper, the exotically beautiful Marta, a Hungarian who had ulterior motives for wanting the job and who has expensive and refined tastes. Basil and Aubrey are both as captivated by Marta as any man in town, which doesn't sit well with Julie. Miss Honeycroft's attempts to disqualify Basil and Julie from the Flitch for any reason, Marta kissing Basil and whether anyone saw, and the missing flitch (which was pilfered but many who feel directly responsible for what they believe is them losing it) add to the confusion as the trial proceeds.
4156 ::: The Awakening of Gabriella (1999) ::: After leaving her small-town lover, an innocent beauty named Gabriella hits Hollywood with plans to enter a daring and exciting new chapter in her life. And it turns out that stripping at a gentlemen's club is a good start. During her first week strutting her stuff on the runway, a wealthy couple pays her to join them at their estate for a scintillating session of voyeuristic sex that leaves Gabriella both confused and aroused. But Gabriella's real education begins when the man of the house, Stephen, makes her his pet project. When he and his exotic servant Nicole induct Gabriella into their steamy world of carnal indulgence, Gabriella's world changes forever
4157 ::: "Vere i zavere" (2016) ::: Story of forbidden love between Serbian guy and German girl in Vojvodina, Yugoslavia. Story begins in 1940's, just as war broke out and then goes threw this turbulent period to the 1960's, showing what was happening in Novi Sad. Germans have to fleed back to Germany, everything changed, but love remained.
4158 ::: Five Nights at Freddy's 3 (2015) ::: Thirty years after Freddy Fazbear's Pizza closed its doors, the events that took place there have become nothing more than a rumor and a childhood memory, but the owners of "Fazbear's Fright: The Horror Attraction" are determined to revive the legend and make the experience as authentic as possible for patrons, going to great lengths to find anything that might have survived decades of neglect and ruin. At first, there were only empty shells, a hand, a hook, an old paper-plate doll, but then a remarkable discovery was made... The attraction now has one animatronic. Over 30 years, people grew up. The place is nothing more than an old memory. Soon a company wanted to revive this memory and make it a new horror attraction. A remarkable discovery was made now there is one animatronic. NOT SPOILERS PROMISE. 30 years after the events at Freddy Fazbear's pizza, the former owners decided to make a horror attraction called Fazbear's Fright. When the owners look for leftover animatronics, they find one. He looks like Bonnie, but he is different. His name is Springtrap. All the wear and tear on him causes him to look green and there are holes in the costume. Through those holes, you can see the mummified remains of the killer/purple guy. The purple guy climbed into the Springtrap suit to avoid the souls of the kids he killed. He was successful, but he made a sudden movement and the spring lock mechanism failed. The purple guy was crushed, killing him instantly.
4159 ::: Il cane del mozzo (1908) ::: The film opens by showing the only son of a family leaving home to go aboard a ship. We next see him on the shore, talking to the captain, who, at first objects to having him take the dog, but at last consents. The next scene shows him sitting on the larboard side of the ship playing and kissing his dog. In the meantime the captain observes one of his sailors smoking a pipe, who objects to stop smoking at the command of the captain. The captain forcibly takes away the pipe from the sailor and throws it overboard. We next see the sailors in a group planning to kill the captain. The little cabin boy overhears their conversation and conveys his message to the captain, who goes after the crew with a pistol. They are frightened and remark that they will be good. But they do not, for they capture the little cabin boy and put him in a rowboat and leave him destitute on a barren island. In the meantime the captain notices that there is something wrong with the dog, who is vainly trying to get over the high fence at the side of the boat. The door is opened for the dog, who immediately jumps overboard, and the men follow quickly in pursuit. They discover the boy on the island, and so the film ends.
4160 ::: "The Little Witches" (1994) ::: In a futuristic world, City Base faces the threat of being megalomaniac Wolti. A Wolti likes money joined to power. No matter the order, but loves, loves them and is dying to get both.He likes both, which is always devising new plans millionaires would get if it were not for the white witch Sherilyn and small group of magicians Carla, Maria and Laura by potions and lotions, and serums plans move through scupper occurrences Wolti.
4161 ::: "The Edge with Jake Sasseville" (2004) ::: "The Edge" is about a nineteen-year-old getting to know himself and the world and taking America along for the ride. Served in a reality-talk and variety format, the series welcomes celebrity guests, newsmakers, and human interest individuals.
4162 ::: Yuppies 2 (1986) ::: Giacomo, Sandro, Lorenzo, Willy are four young professionals who have two holes in their heads:money and beautiful women. They play very course practical jokes on each other as well. One of them even disguises as a nun to win a contract in Vatican City, while Sandro tries to marry a very rich business woman.
4163 ::: Nummer (2010) ::: The film depicts a typical night out in Oslo, and shows the sometimes painful and often ridiculous results of being on the 'meat market'. The casual, breezy dialog contrasts the darker themes of friendship, betrayal and use/abuse of sexual power. Christine and Alex want excitement and confirmation of their desirability, Silje is looking for true love. Joakim? Well, he has perhaps read 'The Game' one too many times...
4164 ::: Waiting for Ishtar (2017) ::: In 2006, writer/director John Mitchell had a conversation with friends about guilty pleasures, when he confessed to loving the Elaine May comedy, "Ishtar", starring Warren Beatty and Dustin Hoffman, Mitchell was accused of "mocking the conversation". None of the others had seen "Ishtar", and it occurred to Mitchell that perhaps what most people thought they knew about the film came from negative media reaction at the time. Soon after, Mitchell tried to borrow "Ishtar" from his local library, only to discover he was #34 on a waiting list of 47 people lining up for the library's single VHS copy. Realizing it could take eight and a half months to get the film, Mitchell wondered who else would be willing to wait that long, or longer, for the famous flop. With the help of a friend and a borrowed handycam, Mitchell set off on a quest to track down and interview one of the others, Waiting For Ishtar.
4165 ::: Dear Jesse (1998) ::: Can you go home again? What if you're a gay man and home is a state where voters keep electing a homophobe to the US Senate? In 1996, at age 30, native son Tim Kirkman returns to North Carolina to explore the parallels and differences between himself and Jesse Helms: they're from the same town and college, with media interests, from families blessed by adoptions, Baptists by upbringing. Tim puts his camera in front of his family, a boyhood pal, college friends, his pastor, Helms fans, community activists, novelists Lee Smith and Allan Gurganus, a mayor who's gay, and people in the street, including a brief interview with Matthew Shepard. What is it to judge, and what is it to love?
4166 ::: Hell Hath No Fury Like a Woman Scorned (2014) ::: Yes...the title is absolutely true. One lesson to learn in life: you can't scorn a woman and think you've achieved an accomplishment. It never works out! Anita Lincoln is a very successful, modern day, single woman living with all the luxury items available. She thrives in life having a great job and lots of friends. She also takes care of family, especially her younger sister, Mona, and Grandma Hattie. Mona has found true love and is getting married, totally funded by her sister, Anita. But there is just one thing with Anita, she wants a loving man in her life to fill a void. That's when Jasmine, her best friend and work associate, comes in. Jasmine takes it upon herself to "help" Anita find her man by matching her with someone on the internet. Randy is his name; shame is his game. But all that, of course, is unbeknownst to Anita at the time. He is very charming and loving and supposedly well-to-do. On a trip to Las Vegas, Randy convinces Anita to marry him and the tides turn; Randy is in charge. But, beware of Randy! And be careful how you handle your business. A scorned woman takes no wooden nickels. Anita is appalled by the circumstances and determined to take her life back. The tides turn once again with Anita making sure Randy never......
4167 ::: Silent But Deadly (2016) ::: Do you know who George Peele is? Do you enjoy horror parodies? If you answered yes to either of these, this film is for you. If you answered yes to both. What are you waiting for?! From the team that was told repeatedly, "I can't sell a black and white horror movie!" Comes their next masterpiece, Silent But Deadly, A killer mime is on the loose, taking out a troupe of teen tropes in this outrageous horror comedy. If the meta jokes, and absurd references don't do it for you, the low brow fart jokes will. It's got something for everyone, unless of course you are a child, my mother, or have any taste.
4168 ::: 40 Nights (2016) ::: "40 Nights" is the first of the QUEST TRILOGY - films sharing alike themes of sacrifice and faith. These films focus on less known events from the biblical age. The first film examines the pre-ministry life of Jesus (DJ Perry) starting with his baptism with John the Baptist (Terry Jernigan). From there Jesus embarks on his self- exploration journey into the wilderness for 40 nights. He is tempted by the Devil thrice in various forms. Audiences will be treated to a stronger portrayal of Jesus that peeks at his childhood and family upbringing. The result is a Jesus that invokes empathy and sheds light on the true magnitude of his sacrifice for mankind.
4169 ::: Roman (2018) ::: One man. Two women. And a dark past that keeps chasing after him. Roman, 30s, is caught between the two women in his life and the father he resents. The movie takes us on a journey of a man trying to come to term with his situation while being chased by the demons of his past. Will he be able to conquer the demons that are out to destroy him? Or will be end up becoming like the father whom he hates? The movie takes us into Roman's mind as he navigates his present circumstances and avoid repeating the mistakes of his father.
4170 ::: I Escaped a Cult (2012) ::: I Escaped a Cult talks to survivors of a polygamist breakaway Mormon sect (Warren Jeffs's FLDS) and a fundamentalist Christian community (Aggressive Christianity Missionary Training Corps). They talk about the abuse they suffered at the hands of the cult and the problems they had in leaving it.
4171 ::: Futbol (1965) ::: Slavoj football team faces demotion to B league and its coach Jarda Beran must settle countless problems before the deciding match. Captain Koubek has been accused of using his hand to score the critical goal of the preceding match. Young Smolka, everybody's favorite, is turning into a primadonna. Technical manager Stárek harangues the excellent goalkeeper Sixta and keeps him on the bench. Stárek plays another negative role in the team, trying to set the players against one another. In all this, nobody really understands how he became such an all-powerful official.
4172 ::: Obit. (2016) ::: How do you put a life into 500 words? Ask the staff obituary writers at the New York Times. OBIT is a first-ever glimpse into the daily rituals, joys and existential angst of the Times obit writers, as they chronicle life after death on the front lines of history.
4173 ::: Cow on the Run (????) ::: Based on the true story of Yvonne, a cow, who on the way to the abattoir in the summer of 2011, escaped, spending 92 days evading capture, finally gaining her freedom and reuniting with her son. This is her story, told from her point of view in a live action / animated feature film.
4174 ::: "Salsa and Flavors from Puerto Rico" (2014) ::: The first season consists of 13 one-hour episodes, each of them filmed in different natural and magical locations. Some of the backdrops of our island include crystal turquoise blue waters, as well as the rich greenery of our spectacular mountains. This show will allow the viewers to discover and almost taste the most delicious and savoury food found on the island. You will indulge in local fruits, plentiful vegetables and learn some of our exceptional ingredients such as our renowned rum, and delicious coffee straight from this island. The viewer is guaranteed to be transported to a real and reachable paradise. The show showcases the whole fun process of cooking as well as learning where our ingredients come from, how we cook them, culminating towards the beautiful conclusion where they become a mouth-watering platter. A different recognized and famous chef hosts each show, which brings versatility to the program and offers the viewer more options of our Puerto Rican cuisine and culinary culture. Salsa and Flavors from Puerto Rico is shot in English with subtitling available. Salsa and Flavors from Puerto Rico, it's an opportunity to enjoy this vibrant island, our wonderful and exotic scenes, refreshing drinks, as well as mouth-watering and appetizing plates that leave our viewer wanting to experience a taste of paradise.
4175 ::: Diego Star (2013) ::: A serious accident occurs on board the Diego Star, a dilapidated Russian cargo ship. Traore, a mechanic from the Ivory Coast, is unfairly blamed for it. The ship is towed to the nearest shipyard for repairs. In the interim, crew members find shelter with the inhabitants of the small local village. Far from everyone he loves and knows, Traore is engulfed by the Quebec winter.
4176 ::: The Scarlet Letter (1917) ::: The film tells the story of a noble but poor woman who arrives at Boston in the 17th century. There she marries an old but quite rich doctor but does not become happy. In old Puritan Boston some two hundred and fifty years ago a girl was born. Her mother was Hester Prynne. Her father was "unknown." This story opens as Hester Prynne is led to the pillory. On her breast is a scarlet "A." In her arms lies the infant Pearl. The Rev. Wilson and the Governor urge her to reveal the name of the child's father. She refuses and the Rev. Arthur Dimmesdale is asked to plead with her. She does not heed the pastor's request to reveal the name of the father of her child. A bent old man enters the square. He recognizes Hester and she him. Hate sweeps his face. Hester is taken back to prison and the old man, Chillingworth, is admitted to her cell as a physician. He is Hester's husband. He berates her and leaves, threatening to drag her lover from his hiding. Next day Hester goes to live in a cottage beyond the settlement. She endures insults and humiliation. Meantime, Rev. Dimmesdale's health gives way under a strange malady. Chillingworth is told to care for him. Years pass and Pearl grows into girlhood. The heads of the colony seek to separate her from Hester and raise her under the church. Hester resists in vain, but Dimmesdale's plea saves the little family. Chillingworth comments on the earnestness of the pastor's plea. A few days later, Dimmesdale sees Pearl in the cemetery near his home. With burrs she has formed an "A" on her breast. Dimmesdale staggers to his bed and falls unconscious. To revive the pastor, Chillingworth opens his shirt. He seems to see a scarlet "A" branded on Dimmesdale's chest. Chilingworth glares with fiendish glee. Regaining consciousness late in the night, the pastor runs into the square and mounts the pillory, crying out to the sleeping town. He faints and recovers as Hester and Pearl enter at dawn. He calls them and together they stand on the pillory. When the town begins to stir they go to the beach. Hester begs Dimmesdale to flee with her and the child to another land. The pastor embraces the woman and child. Chillingworth watches from behind a rock. In parting Hester casts away the scarlet "A." Chillingworth cries out to the town that Hester has bewitched Dimmesdale. Guards seize her in her cottage and drag her to the square. Attracted by the tumult, Dimmesdale rushes into the square as Hester is being tied to the stake. Pushing through the frenzied mob he stands beside her. As he confesses himself the father of Pearl, he tears open his shirt and reveals an "A" seared on his chest. The throng draws back in awe. Hester frees herself and catches Dimmesdale as he falls. She lifts his head into her lap; he opens his eyes, kisses Hester and Pearl and dies.
4177 ::: "The Hasselhoffs" (2010) ::: David heads to Arizona in a last-ditch effort to convince Taylor to stay in school, but Taylor is impatient to get home and start up a band with her sister. Hayley gets her big break when she lands a role on a TV series, but this means she won't have much time to devote to the band with her sister, and David finds himself stuck in a house with two daughters at each other's necks.
4178 ::: Love Rome (2004) ::: Six months after the September 11, 2001 suicide terrorist attacks in New York City, four different couples try to come to terms with the physical, spiritual and emotional loss suffered. Belinda and Tariq are a local couple who argue about wanting to start a family among the political and emotional changes; Esther and Will are part of a protest group of left-wing activists opposing the use of military force; Dean is a married man having an affair with Angela and does not want to split from his wife; Mary and John are another couple whom videotape the changes around Manhattan as they see it.
4179 ::: The Brat (1931) ::: A society novelist brings a brash young chorus girl home in order to study her for inspiration for his new novel. His family is distraught, but soon her behavior has forever altered their snobbish ways.
4180 ::: Separated by Light (2004) ::: America is a young girl who fancies herself quite the filmmaker. A maker of important films, films she should make&, films she could make&, films to bring a greater realization to the world and make some sense of all the nonsense. America recruits a loveable goof named Richard Parker to help her document what makes people "free". As the duo compiles their interviews, the project begins to fall apart. Desperation sets in for America. When she turns the camera on herself, America realizes how much of the point she has missed. In the "hot seat", it is Richard Parker who brings some semblance of understanding to America not only for her film, but possibly for her life.
4181 ::: The Drifter (1998) ::: When Brad's wife goes away on a short trip, he discovers a mysterious drifter in his backyard and invites the man inside the house. Handling the traveller's relaxation balls brings images of erotica that open Brad's mind to new things...especially when the true nature of his wife's trip is revealed.
4182 ::: TCM: Twenty Classic Moments (2014) ::: To celebrate the twentieth anniversary of Turner Classic Movies, host Ben Mankiewicz looks back on twenty memorable moments in the history of the cable network. The retrospective covers TCM's celebrated launch, with Ted Turner flipping a switch in Times Square and Robert Osborne introducing "Gone With the Wind" as the first film to be broadcast on the channel. The special also features highlights from TCM's original programming, including "Private Screenings" interviews with Mickey Rooney, Betty Hutton, and Liza Minnelli, "Guest Programmer" segments with Hugh Hefner, Cloris Leachman, Kermit the Frog, and TCM fans, and "The Essentials" discussions with Alec Baldwin. The first TCM Classic Film Festival was a milestone in TCM's history, leading to an annual tradition of memorable moments (interviews with stars like Luise Rainer and Kim Novak, a reunion of the cast of "Deliverance", etc.) and a variety of other fan experiences like the TCM Classic Cruise and the Classic Film Bus Tour. Other top moments include TCM host Robert Osborne's Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony, the discovery and restoration of six "lost" RKO films, Frank Mankiewicz setting the record straight about "Citizen Kane" with son Ben on a Father's Day segment, and the network's Peabody Award.
4183 ::: Veleno (1993) ::: After the death of their father, the hate between the two brothers Tonio and Bruno Strano bursts out. They send their mother to an old people's home and then an odd war begins. Their wives are very different. Cristina likes to have a good time while Maria likes only cleaning. The fights between the two brothers became more and more violent and frequent, especially after the death of Maria, the wife of Tonio. Then suddenly Bruno disappears. Only his blood-stained hat is found. Toni is charged with his murder and Cristina attends to the carpenter's shop the two brothers had. But is Bruno really dead?
4184 ::: Zulu Surf Riders (2008) ::: Evidence of South Africa's shifting cultural identities can be seen on KwaZulu Natal's shores with young Zulu surfers emerging as keen competitors. 'Zulu surf riders', tells the story of a pair of second-generation surfing twins, Cyril and Mishak Mqade, who have made a life for themselves through this sport. Having grown up in a small community where employment is scarce and education lacking, the film documents the twins' journeys from their early endeavors to their present day successes. Cyril and Mishak are inspirational figures in their neighborhood, teaching local youngsters to continue on the path of the 'Zulu wave'. This film captures the lives of these brothers who, against all odds, have defied traditional taboos to bravely discover a new world.
4185 ::: Fired Up! (2009) ::: Two guys, Nick and Shawn decide a two week stint at a Cheerleaders' Camp is the perfect opportunity to score tons of meaningless romantic liaisons with lonely girls in tight-tops and short-short skirts. But their lusty plan to caress as many pom-poms as possible goes awry when one of the dudes fall in love.
4186 ::: Redneck Miller (1976) ::: DJ Miller is a Schlitz-swilling, hard-living early morning country music disc jockey in the Southern U.S. His motorcycle, a one-of-a-kind "chopper," is stolen by someone and used to steal a shipment of drugs from Supermac, a blaxploitation refugee usually aided by a hapless duo of criminals, including Preacher. Supermac sends his thugs to follow Miller, and Miller has a few run-ins with Preacher and his nameless sidekick. At first, Miller doesn't seem to take the threat seriously, although Miller's aggravation grows and he refuses to talk about what is happening with his live-in girlfriend (to her chagrin). While Miller enjoys a post-coital moment with Rachel, the wife of one of Miller's good friends, Supermac and his thugs burst in and take Rachel hostage. They threaten to rape Rachel as payback for Miller having sex with Supermac's girlfriend Pearl (Miller had sex with Pearl as "trade" for helping her fix a flat tire). Miller reveals that Rachel is not his girlfriend, and Supermac releases her when a struggle ensues. But he manages to take Miller's prized pick-up and chopper. Rachel demands to know whether Miller would have let them rape her, and Miller shrugs that he probably would have if it meant saving his own life. Miller confronts Supermac, and Supermac acknowledges the possibility that someone else may have stolen Miller's chopper to steal the drugs. But Supermac refuses to return the truck and chopper until Miller has gone out on the streets to find the person that has the shipment. Miller is suddenly intimidated by Supermac, so Miller borrows another DJ's car, and scours the streets. Meanwhile, Miller's girlfriend, who ostensibly has left the relationship with Miller because he doesn't tell her what is going on, has been investigating on her own based on her discovery of a zodiac medallion. She quickly suspects it belongs to Miller's chief rival, and her belief is confirmed. On the other side of town, Supermac is back in bed with Pearl, showing some vulnerability and insecurity in asking whether Pearl has any feelings for Miller since they had sex in trade for fixing a tire. Pearl reassures Supermac, and they make love. Still on the streets, and a little drunk from all the Schlitz, Miller soon learns that Preacher was involved in stealing the shipment, and he forces Preacher to reveal that Miller's rival was behind the whole thing. At the same time, Miller's rival is apparently raping Miller's (ex?-)girlfriend. He leaves just as Miller shows up. Miller chases the rival, and they have a knock-down, drag-out fight in a junkyard - even having a pocketknife fight at one point. Miller triumphs, and the rival confesses. Miller locks him in a trunk. During the fight, the rival insinuates that he has killed the girlfriend (saying, "Nothing can bring her back."). After the fight, Miller looks for the girlfriend, but she isn't to be found. He gets on the phone to Supermac and tells him where to find the shipment - demanding that his truck and chopper be returned "un-mo-lested!" Miller returns home, opens a Schlitz, and sinks into his couch. Suddenly, the girlfriend's arm reaches down from off-screen, and she looks completely unharmed and ready to renew life with Miller. A horn honks, and Miller looks outside to see Supermac waving and leaving the truck and chopper behind. The girlfriend suggests they go for a ride and the movie ends.
4187 ::: Silken Synergy (2010) ::: Refuting the servitude of sweatshop economies, Bibi Russell, Asian Supermodel & UN Ambassador for Fashion, gave up her career, to return to flood ravaged Bangladesh, to singlehandedly save lives of 100000 weavers by reviving grassroots crafts. Questioning why nations fueling global retail - India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Srilanka - don't have a single local label. Saving dying crafts across the silken route, braving fashion conspiracies , challenging corrupt socio-political agendas, bombs and threats, this modern Gandhi, uses indigenous materials, local talent, revamping 10000year old cultures to re-shape eastern cultural identities being washed away by neo-colonialism. Educating, employing, empowering local crafts/ design communities on using regional resources, resurrecting traditions to build sustainable national brands, on principles of fair trade, she builds green economies that give dignity of design and labor back to the east. Sacrificing her personal and professional this weaver of a million dreams, usesshimmering colored threads works one village at a time, sharing space with the people whose life she transforms.As outsource falters, Bibi's green dream becomes a reality providing sustainable livelihood for millions of garment industry workers in most marginalized environments.
4188 ::: Nimble Fingers (????) ::: Nimble fingers belong to the Vietnamese women who work in factories owns by some of the most popular electronic brands. Thousands of young migrant workers come from a remote village on the highlands of Northern Vietnam. Now they lives in a Hanoi suburb, a district developed around one of the biggest industrial production sites in the world. Thes worker' life strictly follows the rules of the great Industrial Park. Every single woman is apparently following a stereotype of tireless work and obedience to keep up with the pace of industrial production. Step by step the movie reveals the bases upon which the productive chain is built: the conditions in which the young workers are into, the tight control and the difficulties on the workplace.
4189 ::: This Film Has No Commercial Value (2006) ::: The twinkling light of distant stars, by the time it meets our recording devices, has been traveling for millions of light years. This means that the starlight of the distant future has already emanated from its distant source and is on a predetermined journey. Human civilization, in contrast, is much less predictable, capable of actualization but also prone to creating chaos and hell on earth. The film will mediate between order and chaos in the universe and compare / contrast this with man's propensity for manufactured chaos. An idea I'm interested in is the contrasting natural forces of time and space and man's futile attempts to control his own fate. This philosophical outlook, man's vainglory, his over-reaching tendencies leading to catastrophe, has been an underlying theme in my films.
4190 ::: The Rock-afire Explosion (2008) ::: "The Rock-afire Explosion" is the story of a small-town disc-jockey, a struggling inventor, and an animatronic rock band, that quickly becomes an eccentric portrait of childhood memories, broken dreams, and the resilience of the human spirit. "The Rock-afire Explosion" is the story of a small-town disc-jockey, a struggling inventor, and an animatronic rock band, that quickly becomes an eccentric portrait of childhood memories, broken dreams, and the resilience of the human spirit. With the closing of Showbiz Pizza Place in the early nineties, and the subsequent removal of the Rock-afire Explosion on YouTube with songs like "Miss New Booty", "Hey There Delilah", and "Love in This Club" that the animatronic band found its way back into the public consciousness. Chris Thrash, a car salesman from Phenix City, Alabama who recently purchased a Rock-afire Explosion, has led the charge with his inventive programming and clever song choice. Aaron Fechter, creator of the Rock-afire Explosion and sole employee of Creative Engineering Inc., has worked closely with his fans with the hopes of revitalizing what was once a 300 employee, 20 million dollar per-year industry.
4191 ::: Riders from Nowhere (1940) ::: Assuming the identity of a Ranger he finds dying on the trail, Jack Rankin, aided by his sidekick Manny, begins to clean up the lawless town of Brimstone, which is being preyed upon by outlaws robbing the nearby gold mines of the bullion shipments, secretly led by Frank Mason and his chief henchman Trigger. He is uncovered by the arrival of the dead man's sister, Marian Adams and is accused of killing the Ranger.
4192 ::: The Legend of Parker Rose (2001) ::: How the community's first sheriff, Parker Rose, defeated a corrupt rival, cleaned up the community, and made it safe as a point of commerce and stage coach route to New York.
4193 ::: "4X (Non-verbal)" (2012) ::: Four best friends aged 21-25 are bringing to life all their wildest ideas and fantasies. The four gathered in order to create an extreme street nonsense with painful elements from the jackass genre. The characters test the limits of their own ability and tolerance and display freakish situation and test the reactions on the street. The show is light, fun and extreme. You can watch it while playing with your iPad. This show is all about fun!
4194 ::: Summer Blink (2010) ::: Mina is 18. She is graduating from high school and is facing the summer that is the prologue to her new life. A life of no college plans, no job, no money, and no idea of what she's going to do once September comes and all of her friends are gone to college. But she does have the summer, and an opportunity to still surprise herself by what life can bring when you least expect it. Summer Blink chronicles a summer full of orange-hued memories and sweeping sensory overload. A time when you did everything society and your parents warned you not to just to prove you were alive.
4195 ::: Frei Otto: Spanning the Future (2016) ::: Frei Otto: Spanning the Future is a documentary about the incredible life and work of Frei Otto. As an architect and engineer he laid the foundation for contemporary lightweight architecture, and his ideas are still awe inspiring decades after he revealed them. This fact was cemented when he was named the 2015 Laureate of the Pritzker Architecture Prize. In one of the final interviews given before his passing, Frei Otto tells how coming of age in the years surrounding WWII influenced his work in tensile architecture. Along with Buckminster "Bucky" Fuller, Walter Gropius, Frank Lloyd Wright, and Richard Neutra, Frei Otto was a visionary. His approach to form finding to solve structural as well as social problems is the foundation for modern architecture. Frei Otto: Spanning the Future takes architecture fans on a journey through a history of architecture that inspires the world of tomorrow. His fundamental knowledge of architecture's relationship to natural forces and a holistic view of the architect's role in the built environment is the foundation of today's tectonic shift in architecture. And as computer technology continues to advance, his methods for complex curvatures are becoming realized in our built environment, as are his broader philosophical concepts about solving some of the world's most pressing issues.
4196 ::: Significant Other (2007) ::: Louis has liked Christine since he first met her, but she's never thought that way about him. When he finds out she's dating Curt, yet another jerk who will just use her and throw her away, Louis takes matters into his own hands by calling her from a blocked number and pretending to be a stalker. His hope is that she'll come to him for comfort, and then realize she should be with him. It all seems to be working; she's opening up more than ever and her boyfriend is insanely jealous. But in a strange turn, Christine reveals that she enjoys the attention of the imaginary stalker. Meanwhile, Curt nobly offers to catch the stalker, and discovers that it's actually Louis. He thinks he's won until Louis reveals his ace: photographic evidence that Curt is cheating on Christine. The two form a shaky truce, but Curt opportunistically turns Louis in to the police for stalking not Christine, but the girl Curt was hooking up with. And he has the photos to prove it. Louis is expelled from school, and Christine comes to say goodbye as he's packing up his room. But Louis brushes her off, realizing that his efforts were misdirected in the first place.
4197 ::: The Oldest Gig in Town (2003) ::: A documentary focusing on The Grove Street Stompers of New York City. They have been playing together for nearly 50 years, and keep the pulse of NYC alive and well with their toe-tapping Dixieland Music.
4198 ::: Hemel (2012) ::: During her nightly escapades Hemel searches for the difference between sex and love. Sometimes she leads, sometimes the men with whom she sleeps. The most important person in Hemel's life is Gijs, her father, who works in an auction house. After the early passing of her mother Hemel grew up with him alone. Just like Hemel, Gijs is restless and isn't committed to anyone except for his daughter. This changes when Gijs falls in love with the young auctioneer Sophie.
4199 ::: "Aline" (2008) ::: Alie's parents are about to separate. She knows a specialist in soul mates and decides to ask her to help find a new love for his mother. But when Vera knows that Aline has 2 lovers, Vera will do anything to separate the trio. Otto and Pedro find a job in a diner called "Rock Burger" and Paulo is a defender of the homeless and tries to raise food in the diner.
4200 ::: Fast on the Draw (1950) ::: When Shamrock was young, the Cat killed his parents. Now grown, Shamrock gets appointed Marshal when he breaks up a robbery attempt by Tex and his men. Tex works for the Cat and when he and his men rob the Express Office, Shamrock takes out after them hoping to get not only the gang, but also the Cat. For those that wish to be generous, this is a remake of 1935's "Branded A Coward" starring Johnny Mack Brown, and others just call it one of the six times, in this series of six films starring Jimmy Ellison and Russell Hayden, that Ron Ormond and Maurice Tombragel gave themselves an "original" writing credit with nary a nod of recognition to the writer of the original story, in this instance Richard Martisen. This has, as does the source film, the parents of Shamrock Ellison being killed by an outlaw gang led by The Cat, and the trauma of seeing the killings gives Shamrock a psychological hangup about using his six-shooters on men, although he grows up to be a champion rodeo rider and a crack shot otherwise. He fails to pass the test of the day when tested during a bandit holdup and is branded a coward and he and his pal Lucky leave town. But, on the way to whatever the next town is, he saves Ann from another holdup and wins her and the townspeople's gratitude. They make him the marshal, against his will, to pursue an outlaw gang that is terrorizing the territory. The gang is fronted by Tex but the real leader is a face from his haunted past.
4201 ::: Drive, She Said (1997) ::: Five years in, bank colleagues Nadine Ship and Jonathan Evans hit a road block in their personal relationship. Nadine wants their relationship to move to the next level, whereas Jonathan is happy keeping things the way they are. Nadine feels re-energized when a new bank customer starts flirting with her. But things take a more significant turn in Nadine and Jonathan's life when a masked robber comes into the bank and following the heist, takes Nadine hostage. As her assailant takes Nadine along on his personal mission, Jonathan follows a hunch of his own on the identity of the robber in an effort to try and win back Nadine, who was slowly drifting away from him.
4202 ::: Demi-soeur (2013) ::: Nenette, who has the mental age of an 8-year-old, has always lived with her mother, who raised her alone. Nenette works, cleaning the community school, and her best friend is a tortoise. But when her mum dies, she faces life in a retirement home. But, as the institution doesn't accept animals, Nenette sets out with her suitcase and her tortoise, planning to find her father, whom she knows only by a yellowed photograph, a letter and an address.
4203 ::: Monterey Week (2006) ::: Every year in Monterey, California thousands of people gather from around the globe to attend the world's largest and most famous automobile extravaganza. It's referred to as Monterey Week. Hundreds of exotic automobiles are auctioned off at numerous car auctions and the surrounding street flow with the rarest cars in existence. Wayne Carini is considered to be one of the best automotive restorers in the nation and we follow him from his restoration shop in Connecticut to Monterey. Wayne gives us an insiders view of the cars, money and dealings that make this event a must attend if you're at all interested to the car world.
4204 ::: After the Sewol (2017) ::: On the 16th April 2014 South Korea was changed as a nation. After the days, weeks and months that followed the Sewol tragedy, the country became undone, untrusting and more divided than we have ever seen in its history. 'After the Sewol' explores the changing faces of this nation through the eyes of two British film makers. They talk with relatives of the victims, rescue divers and activists about their struggles and battles since this tragic accident happened and embark upon a journey to uncover how this accident came about, looking deep into Korean history about why no action was taken to prevent it in the first place. This journey takes them all over Korea, meeting an older generation struggling to create a safer place for their children to live in and a young vibrant generation fighting for a corrupt free society. But, all of them searching for one thing, the truth about why the Sewol victims died.
4205 ::: Seven Districts of Sin: The Tail Makes the Fox (2017) ::: Lilim is an auditor for the main Hell government. When her beloved Lord Lucifer tasks her with going to the Kumonoito District to investigate their governor for soul laundering, she has no choice but to obey. Will little, naive Lilim be able to survive her stay at Kumonoito? Will she maybe find someone special? - Or will she just go right back to licking Lucifer's boots?
4206 ::: Family Album (2015) ::: Every happy Family Album is picture-perfect with smiley pics of the caring Ma, successful Baba, the responsible older sister, and of course the highly brilliant soon-to-be-going to IIT younger brother. What if you clicked on a hidden link that exposes everyone's crazy secrets and lies. What if your sister, soon-to-be-married, has a friend who's a girl who's not just a friend? What if your aimless brother, just wants to chill out, get high and not really want to do much with life? What if your loving nagging Ma is worrying about losing her youth as a woman? What if your responsible father has his own bag of skeletons in his closet? Why hide? Why pretend? This is a movie that exposes the not-so picture-perfect Family Album...a hilarious and sad and eccentric concoction of the truth.
4207 ::: Bai fa mo nu zhuan zhi ming yue tian guo (2014) ::: In the twilight of the Ming Dynasty, the Imperial court is plagued by corruption as tyrants rule over the land. With the Manchurians preying on a weakened empire, war is imminent. To save the victims from their suffering, sorceress Jade Raksha fights the soldiers that oppress people for their own gain. As payback, local government officials decide to pin the murder of Governor Zhuo Zhonglian on Jade, turning her and the members of her cult into wanted fugitives for a crime they didn't commit.
4208 ::: Five Days Gone (2010) ::: Camden is thrilled to meet Alice, the half sister she never knew. In an effort to bond, the sisters and their significant others take a trip to Lionshead, the family estate in Massachusetts. Tensions build and ultimately explode over a week in the country.
4209 ::: Materyales fuertes (1986) ::: Virgie, a veteran stripper and a junkie, is threatened by the new star in the club, Melanie, a put-upon girl brought in by a common friend, Liza. Virgie's boyfriend, Tikboy, is in love with Melanie and wants to elope with her to a new life. This jealousy brings Virgie to a tragic decision and would put Melanie to a vindictive resolution.
4210 ::: Sati Sukanya (2002) ::: Watch the full movie, Sati Sukanya, only on Eros Now. Sati Sukanya is a 2008 Indian Hindi film, directed by Rajesh Narayanan and produced by Kewal Suri. The film stars Narendra Prasad, Kyapatn Raju and Lakshmi in lead roles. The film had musical score by Vivek - Raju.
4211 ::: "Panoptikum mesta prazského" (1986) ::: The series Prague Underworld relies on understatement to colorfully depict the history of Czech criminology. Each episode is a precise miniature portrait, full of tragicomic figures: petty criminals and thieves, prostitutes, con men and even major criminals. Using 1930's society and a touch of nostalgia as a backdrop, the series shows the varied atmosphere of a world long forgotten: technology seemed to be at its peak, limousines were ever more elegant, political life ever more confused and women ever more seductive. The protagonists of the series are old-fashioned detectives in bowler hats: Messrs. Bruzek, Bouse and Soucek. Their universally admired boss, respected Police Commissioner Vacátko, has recently died, and the new commissioner brings different times. Only the sins of the Prague's underworld remain basically the same.
4212 ::: One Strange Happy (????) ::: Hannah is a young girl in love. Life is great and nothing can go wrong - except for her boyfriend dying.. Or did he? With Hannah asking herself this question she must fight her inner demons and confront the horrible rumors. For life .. for love - for her own sanity.
4213 ::: "The Bad Girl's Guide" (2005) ::: "The Bad Girl's Guide" is based on a tongue-in-cheek self-help book by Cameron Tuttle, about three women who live life to the fullest with no excuses by adopting a "bad-girl" attitude toward achieving goals in romance, work and other aspects of life.
4214 ::: Glow (????/II) ::: Join Aion and friends as they embark on a mystical odyssey through Dresma, a hidden realm of enchanting power, dark secrets, and marvelous possibilities... All leading to an epic battle between light and darkness in which our hero must discover that bringing balance to the world can only start with learning to rekindle his glowing heart. This 3D animation feature tells the story of Aion, a boy who upon discovering that his heart can literally glow, sets out on a journey through the magical land of Dresma where he uncovers the power and the mystery behind his glowing heart: the power of love.
4215 ::: The Bitter End (1989) ::: It's 1962, and while JFK deals with the Cuban missile crisis, LBJ phones FBI Chief G. Edgar Hooter and tells him to "come up with something to get the damned newspapers off our backs", the American people need some good news, oh and by the way, find a job for his niece, Myra Blow Johnson. Chief Hooter pairs the former Dallas PD meter maid with one of his best agents, Jeffrey T. Spaulding. After familiarizing themselves with surveillance photos of the club owner known as Top Cat, his girlfriend Mousey, and some of the club's regular patrons, and, after familiarizing themselves with each other, they set out to infiltrate The Bitter End, a coffeehouse the chief is convinced is a front for a communist spy ring. Spaulding poses as beat poet Sherlock while Myra becomes Mona, a neophyte beatnik chick looking for guidance. Sherlock piques the interest of the waitress, Quiche Lorraine, and hangs around after the coffeehouse closes to pursue that lead. Mona arranges to meet with biker Horace the following day. At Horace's pad, Mona meets his friend Maynard, and is introduced to the "double-barreled shotgun", which Horace explains is the bohemian way. Mona asks if Bohemia is close to Russia. When their in-depth investigation fails to uncover any communist plot, Hooter falsifies Spaulding's report and arrests Top Cat, putting his agents in a moral quandary.
4216 ::: Al fin del mundo (2014) ::: In Tolhuin, a small town lost in the extreme south of Argentina where almost nobody is going to stay, where the cold and the wind enter through all the cracks and the snow covers the fences, a man seeks that people do not go through a new try, a carnival in the middle of winter. This is a film about the efforts made by man to adapt to an destiny, to a territory that is hostile and that confronts nature in its purest and most unbridled state.
4217 ::: Fläskfarmen (1986) ::: The doctor at an asylum decides that it would be good for the patients if they could take care of a few pigs. This turns out so well that they start selling pigs to make money. The patients gets saner for every day that goes by and the staff start to behave rather strangely.
4218 ::: America 101 (2005) ::: Two brothers leave their home in Mexico in search of the 'American Dream', only to realize it was in front of them all the time. Angel is tired of living in his small Mexican town and has no interest in following in his father's footsteps. Instead he resolves to run away, across to cross the border and find his American dream. His older brother, Carlos, has plans of his own and they don't involve leaving home. When Angel tells his older brother of his grand scheme Carlos knows he won't be able to stop him, so he decides to tag along in order to watch over his headstrong little brother. Double-crossed by a smuggler, they find themselves alone in the desert. What follows is a strange and hilarious adventure filled with crazy characters and eye-opening truths until they finally realize the dream they were chasing was back home where they started. Angel is tired of living in his small Mexican town and has no interest in following in his father's footsteps of running a bakery. Instead he resolves to run away, across the border to the great "American dream". His older brother, Carlos, has plans of his own and they don't involve leaving home. When Angel tells his older brother of his grand scheme Carlos knows he won't be able to stop him, so he decides to tag along but only in hopes that maybe his brother's dream could save the families financial crisis. Double-crossed by their smuggler, they find themselves alone in the Arizona desert. What follows is a strange and hilarious adventure which eventually takes them to the wondrous town of Tucson, Arizona. There they try to make their "American Dream" come true, but soon realize the dream they were chasing was back home where they started.
4219 ::: Rumore bianco (2008) ::: In northeast Italy is the Tagliamento River, tucked away almost like a secret spot on the border between Veneto and Friuli-Venezia Giulia. This documentary is a poem to that river and the people of the region, spirited, storied, and naturally beautiful.
4220 ::: Préférence (1998) ::: Max (Corraface) returns home after ten years spent in jail for a crime of passion. He then falls in love with a beautiful woman (Galiena), who happens to be his brother's (Barr) wife...
4221 ::: A+ salm (1999) ::: On the night of his highschool graduation, Yong-jun's family is in a terrible car accident. Yong-jun loses his mother and his father is paralyzed. The following years are very difficult for Yong-jun. Eventually, he turns to a wealthy friend, Hui Seon, for assistance. She agrees to help by offering to pay for a nursing home. There is one condition, however--Yong-jun must marry her. Yong-jun realizes that he doesn't love her must now decide what to do.
4222 ::: The White Rose (2014/I) ::: Sparrow Film Festival has challenged us to create a 3 minute short based on an old wacky law, our law being "you may not tap your feet, nod your head, or in any way keep time with the music played in a café, tavern or bar." This is our inspired video based on the law.
4223 ::: Goda människor (1990) ::: About a small village in Skĺne, the very south of Sweden, where a father and his son recently moved to. One day, the boy finds an injured bird that he takes care. He plays hooky from school, withdraw from friends and spend more time in the woods with the bird.
4224 ::: Once in a Lifetime: A Russian Song for Guiuan (2013) ::: Nikolai Massenkoff was a 10 year old white Russian orphan boy who escaped communist China in 1949 and was given refuge by the Quirino government in Tubabao, Guiuan, Eastern Samar. Sixty-two years later, now an internationally-recognized Russian folk singer in San Francisco, he makes a sentimental journey to the island with a fiesta "Thank You Philippines" concert in 2010.
4225 ::: Rising Son (1990) ::: A factory foreman with 36 years experience becomes despondent after being laid off by his company which has just been taken over by a Japanese conglomerate and is unable to find any other work. Meanwhile, his son uses his father's unemployment as an excuse to drop out of the pre-med program his father pressured him to enter.
4226 ::: "Science International" (1976) ::: A look at the wonders of science and technology that will shape our lives in the distant future of the 1980's. Each week the hosts would look at a new revolutionary discovery that was guaranteed to let people live lives of ease, free from the ravages of disease or old age. Additionally, they would also look at some of the brilliant science that goes into some of the everyday items we take for granted.
4227 ::: Il miracolo (2003) ::: Tonio is a 12 year old boy who one day gets run over by a car. Before he loses his senses, Tonio sees something which will change his life. When he wakes from the coma in the hospital, he casually comes into contact with a man who is dying.
4228 ::: The Birds II: Land's End (1994) ::: A biology teacher and his wife take their two children to an island summer house to enable him to write an important thesis while getting over the death of their son. While they are there, large flocks of birds appear and begin to attack individual humans for no apparent reason. The town mayor (who is also the local doctor) refuses to believe that birds are responsible for the spate of injuries that are occurring but, before long, he has no option but to believe as the birds begin attacking larger groups of people.
4229 ::: Mr. Big (2007) ::: After her brother, Sebastian Burns, confesses and is convicted of murder, Tiffany Burns takes a closer look at the Royal Canadian Mounted Police undercover sting known as "Mr.Big" during which the police pose as organized criminals, offering their target money and threatening violence while seeking confessions for unsolved murders. The film blends Tiffany's deeply personal story with her search for the facts about the sting: why "Mr.Big" is legal in Canada when many experts consider the scenario to be coercive entrapment. During her journey she meets several people who have made false confessions and spent years in jail for murders they didn't commit.
4230 ::: Still a Teen Movie (2009) ::: It's the summer after high school graduation, and four buddies from an upscale Queens, New York neighborhood hatch a plan to meet the hot ladies from their favorite videos. All it will take is a kidnapping, a phony video set and a few lies. What could possibly go wrong? Almost everything, as they quickly discover.
4231 ::: Wild Land (2019) ::: Roman Krieger lives with his daughter in a farm bordering the impenetrable northern Argentinean jungle. He is an entomologist who loves classical music and drinking. Socially well positioned, he hides a dark and possessive side. The repeated Jaguar attacks on his farm will lead him to perdition and strangely free his daughter.
4232 ::: How to Live Forever (2009) ::: Director Mark Wexler embarks on a worldwide trek to investigate just what it means to grow old and what it could mean to really live forever. But whose advice should he take? Does a chain-smoking, beer-drinking centenarian marathoner have all the answers? What about an elder porn star? Wexler contrasts these unusual characters with the insights of health, fitness and life-extension experts in his engaging new documentary, which challenges our notions of youth and aging with comic poignancy. Begun as a study in life-extension, HOW TO LIVE FOREVER evolves into a thought-provoking examination of what truly gives life meaning.
4233 ::: "Naznaczony" (2009) ::: What would you do, if you could decide about the punishment for your Persecutor, someone who hurt you or the people close to you? Would you seize the opportunity to make your own punishment? Sometimes judges can be accused. Some day everyone will answer for their sins. Some day has finally come!
4234 ::: Bringing You to Sikhism (2018) ::: In this new hit documentary starring William Arthur Coen who has done so much work such as films Diversion (2016) and A Young Broken Heart (2017). In life beyond the camera in this documentary Coen (Aka: Billy) takes you beyond the daily life of religion and show you its uniqueness and importance. Religion can change the world and having a religion like Sikhism it is very motivational and powerful. Sikhism has many features and more are to be revealed.
4235 ::: Betty Limpany (1997) ::: A moving account of how one girl was blamed for arson on her master's house. Betty was said to be pregnant with the master's child and framed for a crime she didn't commit in order to save the family name of her masters. After a swift trail she was hung on the 5th April 1799
4236 ::: The Color of Sound: Music Inspires Art (2008) ::: A documentary of a one night interactive concert featuring local visual artists and musicians. The event exhibited the relationship between visual art and music. Four artists painted on several canvasses while listening to a jazz and a blues band jam. The interaction the visual artists had with the musicians was purely improvisational as were the finished works. The musicians did play synchronized music, but they also had a jam session together based on their musical experience and memory.
4237 ::: Accadde al commissariato (1954) ::: Everyday all kind of people pass through a Police Station, especially if it is downtown. Today, however, the chief of police has bought his first car and he has decided to test it with his wife going to Ostia. But first a theatrical company sent out of the theatre, last Alfredo Todini arrested while walking wearing a gown and in the mean a series of human cases, ranging from the pathetic to the funny one, get in the way of his wish.
4238 ::: Soman gukgyeong (1964) ::: At the end of World War II, the remenants of the Japanese Army and Chinese bandits clash at the border of Manchuria and Russia. The Korean Independence Army is drawn into the area in an effort to recover gold that was stolen from them by smugglers
4239 ::: Dive (2010) ::: School girl Lindsey hopes to be an Olympic diver and has a strict training regime but this goes out of the window when supportive father Stewart leaves home and her mother Jacqueline moves in her new boy-friend. Lindsey has sex with sixteen-year-old Robert and becomes pregnant.She is afraid that Robert will not be supportive but he goes to the scan with her,admitting he is scared. Will,Robert's single parent dad is angry when told the news but Robert's brother Alex,an embittered soldier home for good from Afghanistan,is supportive,offering to fund a termination and then a flat. After quarrelling and parting Lindsey and Robert reunite for the baby's birth and Lindsey,much to Robert's approval,resumes her diving,watched by her partner and baby.
4240 ::: Before I Sleep (1997) ::: "Before I Sleep" is one man's odyssey through Dublin city. It is a crowded hectic film, unmistakably Dublin, yet with one constant character - John Harte, a recently umemployed middle class man in a state of quiet anxiety.
4241 ::: A Wake for Milton (1988) ::: Canadian poet, Milton Acorn, is remembered with feeling and eloquence in this tribute that takes the form of a wake. Cedric Smith acts as the singer of Acorn's life and art, while such friends as Al Purdy, Pat Lane, and Gwendolyn MacEwen recall the man known as "The People's Poet." Evoked here is the unique mixture of intense emotion, wit and radical politics that identified Acorn as a man and a poet.
4242 ::: The World Stopped Watching (2003) ::: This film is a followup to the 1988 documentary "The World is Watching". Fifteen years later the same director and producer follow some of the same journalists into Nicaragua to explore what happened after the international media attention faded. They discover a country of desperate poverty and political corruption, with some reconciliation among the former Sandinista and contra fighters, unreported by the international press, which is preoccupied with other stories aroound the world. In some cases thay are the first international journalists that many of the Nicaraguans have seen since the 1990 elections
4243 ::: Friedensflotte Mirno More (2002) ::: Refugee Kids from Croatia, Bosnia and Serbia are sailing for peace in the war zone. In its first year during the war, in 1992, the Peace Fleet consisted of 3 Sailing Boats. In 2002 a huge fleet of 60 yachts is sailing through the Kornats, demonstrating for peace.
4244 ::: DMT: The Spirit Molecule (2010) ::: The Spirit Molecule investigates dimethyltryptamine (DMT), an endogenous psychoactive compound, which exists in humans and numerous species of plants and animals. The documentary traces Dr. Rick Strassman's government-sanctioned, human DMT research and its many trials, tribulations, and inconceivable realizations. A closer examination of DMT's effects through the lens of two traditionally opposed concepts, science and spirituality, The Spirit Molecule explores the connections between cutting-edge neuroscience, quantum physics, and human spirituality. Strassman's research, and the experiences of the human test subjects before, during, and after the intense clinical trials, raises many intriguing questions. A variety of experts voice their unique thoughts and experiences with DMT within their respective fields. As Strassman's story unfolds, the contributors weigh in on his remarkable theories, including the synthesis of DMT in our brain's pineal gland, its link to near-death & alien-abduction experiences, the history/future of psychedelics, and the uncanny likeness to ancient religious texts describing prophets with DMT-like experiences. Additionally, the intriguing similarities to the "many-worlds" interpretation of quantum mechanics lead to other fascinating discoveries. The experts offer a comprehensive collection of information, opinions, and speculation to help understand the nature of the DMT experience, and its role in human culture and the life force of our planet. Due to the profound nature, and visual phantasmagoria, of the DMT experience, the visual landscape of the film features stunning visualizations from Scott Draves (Electric Sheep), as well as a cutting-edge motion graphics, which demonstrate DMT's conceptual link to human evolution, construction of the universe, advanced neuroscience, and other alluring theories. Finally, stylized scenes reminiscent of Rod Sterling's famous Twilight Zone bookends, Joe Rogan (actor/comedian) serves as tour guide, helping navigate the expansive realms of Strassman's DMT universe. Dimethyltryptamine: a simple molecule with enormous implications. The Spirit Molecule's subtle combination of science, spirituality, and philosophy results in an abundance of incredible ideas and theories that could alter the way we understand the universe and our relationship to it.
4245 ::: "Mauvais Karma" (2010) ::: Nathalie voulait l'amour, Kim voulait réussir et Sarah voulait la paix. Elles auront exactement le contraire lorsque le destin réunit, aprčs 18 ans, ces trois ex-meilleures amies, lors de funérailles qui se termineront - au poste de police. Nathalie, fraîchement mariée, vient de perdre dans des circonstances tragiques son mari qui lui laisse, en héritage, sa maîtresse, son entreprise et sa fille de 15 ans. Kim, qui vivait au sommet, va apprendre quel bruit ça fait, une drop sociale, quand elle est expulsée de son bureau manu militari. Et Sarah perd tous ses repčres en transgressant l'ultime tabou, sabotant au passage son union avec son conjoint de longue date. Dépassées par les événements, ces ex-copines qui n'ont plus rien en commun ŕ part le réflexe de la respiration, se tournent les unes vers les autres - faute de mieux. Mais au cours de cette année de tous les gâchis, elles vont, petit ŕ petit, retomber en amitié.
4246 ::: "Candid Camera" (1992/I) ::: A New Zealand version of the classic American comedy program, in which ordinary people unwittingly become the stars of the show. Hidden cameras catch regular folk as they get caught up in unsual situations and compromising positions.
4247 ::: The Snow Creature (1954) ::: Botanist Frank Parrish leads an expedition to the Himalayas to seek out new flora, accompanied by hardboiled news photographer Peter Wells. When their lead guide, Subra, learns his wife has been kidnapped by a Yeti, Parrish disbelieves him, so the sherpas commandeer the expedition at gunpoint and turn it into a search-and-rescue party. To Parrish's surprise, they discover a whole family of Yetis in a cave, and are able to subdue the male and carry it back to civilization, to ship to the USA for study. Subra is forgiven his acts because he was right after all. Wells, meanwhile, phones in the story and Parrish finds his discovery - shipped upright in a meat cooler to maintain its natural environment - detained in the US because Wells' story refers to it as a snowMAN, and a decision must be made whether this is a customs or immigration matter. During this bureaucratic snafu, the creature escapes its containers and disappears into Los Angeles, mysteriously appearing in different parts of the city. Parrish teams up with police Lt. Dunbar to find the creature, which kills anyone who stands in his way...
4248 ::: Ce qu'il ne faut pas dire (2015) ::: Annick a l'air d'une jeune femme dans la trentaine parfaitement normale. Elle souffre pourtant d'une anomalie étrange : elle ne supporte aucune déclaration d'amour. Son dernier amoureux en lice, Christian, ignore que pour Annick, l'amour est un sport extręme et dangereux. il l'apprendra brutalement lorsqu'il osera dire ce qu'il ne faut pas dire...Ce film est une fable contemporaine sur la difficulté de s'engager et la peur de l'intimité.
4249 ::: The Final Shift (2012) ::: The tranquil haven of AL's Diner, harboring a scant collective of employees, patrons (including a hit man and his partner, a beautiful woman with a dark secret) and a devout Christian family, is thrown into chaos when a callow gang of four enters with a duffel bag of invaluable contents. After the gang's attempt to deliver the contents to the powerful and shady Maslow is derailed when one of them murders a cop inside the diner, suspicions and revelations arise among the group. While the gang struggles to keep control over the situation as more the police arrive, they quickly realize this is the least of their problems when Maslow comes to claim the contents of the bag.
4250 ::: News at Eleven (1986) ::: Frank Kenley faces a number of moral dilemmas when dealing with the latest scandal: a teacher accused of sexually assaulting a student. While trying to keep the case in court, rather than trying the teacher on television, an underhanded producer takes the matter out of his hands and succumbs to a Hearst-esque style of "yellow journalism".
4251 ::: Army of Two (2008) ::: Tyson Rios and Elliot Salem are two ex Army Rangers turned contractors for SSC, a Private Military Corporation. They take on various individuals and organizations located all over the world. Fight after fight, they realize that the wonderful life of a PMC at SSC might not be as clean as they thought it was is.
4252 ::: "Live on Stage" (2003) ::: "Live On Stage" premiered on Sunday, January 5, 2003 at 10:00 PM on CABLEVISION Channel 19 in New Jersey. It was hosted by Lucio Fernandez, directed by Megan Fernandez, and produced by MeLu Communications Group. Back in its early beginnings the show was dedicated to showcasing and promoting local talent. Its mission was to present in-depth interviews and performances by the best poets, singers, dancers, comedians, and other artists from New Jersey. However, as the show grew, more international talent was brought into the mix. Some of the renowned personalities that have appeared on "Live On Stage" include Jose Luis Rodriguez "El Puma", Elio Roca, Sophy de Puerto Rico, Jon Secada, Papo Ortega & Cubanoson, Jahye Kim, John Jay Hebert, Dominico Caro, Milly Quesada, and Johnny Ventura... just to name a few. The show currently airs in many cities in the Tri-State area on CABLEVISION, Verizon Fios, Time Warner Cable, RCN, ComCast, MNN, and QPTV... as well as, world-wide on the internet.
4253 ::: Mi novia el... (1975) ::: Laucha (Alberto) is a regular middle-aged guy who lives with his elder mother and works at a factory. After a night out where he attends a show by transvestite artist Dominique, he develops an unexpected fixation with the artist. What started out as a loud reaction of disgust and bigotry, slowly turns into him realizing that he is in fact infatuated by Dominique. This newfound interest fills Laucha's mind with guilt and doubt, while his coworkers start mocking him for dating a "wierdo", and his family grieve his lost decency. In the midst of Laucha's predicament, a revelation by Dominique will shake the board.
4254 ::: Echo of Soul (2015) ::: In the beginning, there was the War of the Creators. Gods and Giants, ancient beings bound by blood and hate, fought for supremacy with such brutality that the world was nearly torn apart. In the end, the Giants succumbed. The corrupted blood of Ymir the Giant King came to be known as the Shadow Soul, and its spread threatened to contaminate the World Tree, source of all Creation. The Goddess Frigg and Odin, King of the Gods, attempted to prevent the unthinkable. Despite their noble efforts to purify the world from his malicious spirit, an evil force emerged, determined to destroy all forms of life. You have been chosen by the Gods to be their Soulkeeper. The future of the world rests on your shoulders. Are you up to the challenge?
4255 ::: Il vizio di famiglia (1975) ::: When Giacomo D'Amato is released from jail he is immediately employed by Magda, in a plot to secure her the heritage of the count. But there are other players in this game too, and Giacomo has his own agenda.
4256 ::: L'île aux femmes nues (1953) ::: Smalltown confectioner Lespinasse, hopeful of being reelected as chief councillor, is opposed by Darcepoil, the local druggist. Darcepoil arranges for the incumbent's defeat by having Pantaflon, a nightclub singer, lure him to the nudist camp on the Isle of Levant, where Lespinasse is photographed surrounded by half-naked women. At home, he is berated by his wife and thrown out of office; but he returns to Levant with the penitent Pantaflon and is welcomed by the nudists and voted camp president. His forgiving wife follows him and herself becomes a nudist.
4257 ::: Anne Unlimited (2011) ::: Anne is twenty years old and has become a prisoner of her own body, due to two cerebral hemorrhages. In spite of her physical limitations she is doing everything within her power to realize her dream: the creation of a hip magazine made by and for chronically ill and handicapped young adults. 'Unlimited', as the magazine is to be called, will include editorials on sex, fashion, travel, cooking and sports and is Anne's answer to the boring and depressing patient leaflets she receives in hospital. Anne's enthusiasm and perseverance are inspirational: within a few months she gathers 35 people around her who help her realize her dream! They want to break taboos, inspire people and show the world that they are unlimited in spite of their limitations. Confined to her bed and wheelchair, Anne edits articles, coaches her team, completes interviews, and the like. Without editing experience it would be difficult for anyone to successfully create and launch a new magazine, but for Anne the challenges are even larger as her physical condition keeps deteriorating. Once again she has to undergo major surgery and although her recovery doesn't progress as hoped, Anne keeps on fighting to realize her goal.
4258 ::: Ashland (2018) ::: ASHLAND is a documentary/drama examining the lives of a diverse group of children in Eastern Montana during fire season. Supported by the Big Sky Film Grant and the Montana Film Office. Shot on Kodak Motion Picture Film.
4259 ::: Juan the Brave (2004) ::: Juan is the happiest eight-year-old when he is riding his bike-his second pair of legs. He loves to pop wheelies, ride with no hands and to zoom past Dona Rigoberta's front lawn. But when Juan disobeys his mom's orders and goes into the off limit zones he has to deal with more than just losing his bike privileges. Juan has to bear the teasing and tauting from Paco and El Joker at the same time not knowing whether Marisol the prettiest girl on the block still thinks he is brave enough.
4260 ::: Rito de Passagem (2014) ::: Rite of Passage is a sensory exploration of the act of becoming, of transformation, and the search for one's identity. An experimental film featuring improvised Butoh performance and rare archival footage, it portrays the liminal moment between one phase of life and another, when we confront our desires, fears and hidden truths in the quest of a new direction. It is an invitation to embark on a visceral yet reflective journey that asks: what happens in the passage from one state to another? How are we constructed through such acts of becoming? How does the body react to the sometimes violent nature of change? Rite of Passage is perhaps a metaphor for life, with its suffering and celebration through which we are perpetually reborn and transformed, blessed with infinite possibilities of being.
4261 ::: "Family Rules" (2017) ::: This up close and personal series gives an exclusive insight into modern Indigenous family life through the eyes of nine sisters and their mother. Angela, Shenika, Helen, Kelly, Kiara, Sharna, Aleisha, Jessica and Hannah navigate their way though adolescence and adulthood as their mother, Daniella, tries to teach them life lessons. With their own unique senses of humour and style, the girls learn to juggle their own aspirations with the reality of everyday life.
4262 ::: Ruby's Studio: The Feelings Show (2010) ::: In the award-winning "Ruby's Studio: The Feelings Show," lovable host Ruby guides viewers on a magical, fun adventure through art activities, beautiful old-school animation, original songs, a puppet show and hilarious interviews with real kids - engaging young children as they learn to identify, express and move through their feelings.
4263 ::: "Channel 2 News" (1960) ::: 'The Big News' was big news in broadcast world. The L.A. TV show, billed as the first 45-minute newscast in the nation, debuted in 1961. After it expanded to 60 minutes, executives from other cities visited to see how to set up a one-hour newscast. An apt title for the typical TV newscast of the 1950s might have been: "Inaction News!'' There simply wasn't much of it on the tube back in those days. In Southern California, the nightly fare on KNXT-TV (Channel 2) in 1959 consisted of a network newscast from 7:15 to 7:30, and two local newscasts from 7 to 7:15 and 11 to 11:15. Just 30 minutes of local news nightly, two-thirds of which was devoted to sports and weather. TV anchors would sometimes introduce stories by holding up the morning's newspaper headlines. So there was some astonishment in 1961 when KNXT (now CBS2) introduced "The Big News," billed as the first 45-minute newscast in the nation.
4264 ::: Another Planet (1999) ::: Cassandra Jones is a young woman from Toronto with a very active imagination and unique view of the world. Feeling trapped by life in her low-income community, and unable to relate to her brother Patrick, a petty criminal, or her overly pious mother, Mary, Cassandra decides to leave Toronto. She applies and is accepted into an exchange program between Quebec and West Africa. When she reaches her Quebec destination, a pig farm, she encounters, Sylvie Leblanc, a woman in need of change, her husband, Luc Leblanc, a man afraid of change and Abdoulaye Diallo, her African exchange counter-part, a man who regrets his decision to seek change. Because none of her expectations are met, Cassandra quickly becomes unhappy on the farm. Her presence creates plenty of tension, much of it humorous. A surprising conclusion comes about after a roller-coaster series of events.
4265 ::: Iremos a Beirute (1998) ::: In a mountainous town in the State of Ceará, Brazil, Ajax soccer team kids play a game to see who will win the heart of romantic Salma, sister of one of the players, and the coach's daughter, a Lebanese owner of Casa Beirute. Salma promises to choose one of the boys, after an important game, which is tragically interrupted by an accident. Twenty years later, still alone, she promotes a new game, and finds out the reason of such a long and painful indecision.
4266 ::: "Coveting Veronica" (2017) ::: Veronica Stone has it all - handsome husband, great job, doting parents, the very best, best friend. - So what's her problem? She's trying to figure out how to fall out of love with her best friend Mark before it ruins her marriage. Unresolved feelings all around make for a complicated state of affairs.
4267 ::: The Bubble Skin Man (2012) ::: Chandra Wisnu is thought to be one of the few people in the world with a rare skin disease which causes large, bubble like lumps to develop all over his body. His skin has been so badly ravaged by tumours he is known as The Bubble Man. His horrible condition has taken over his life; he rarely leaves his house and when he does he is forced to cover his face with a balaclava and wear sunglasses for fear of frightening or being ridiculed by others. And now, symptoms of this condition are appearing in his two adult children. This film follows world renowned dermatologist Dr. Anthony Gaspari as he travels to Indonesia to try to find a cure for Chandra and save his children from the affliction that he has endured since he was 19.
4268 ::: Stronger Than Desire (1939) ::: Wealthy socialite Elizabeth Flagg is courted by persistent Michael McLain, despite her protests that she is a married woman. McLain is just charming enough to attract Elizabeth into a series of harmless dalliances. But when he tries to extort money from her, they quarrel violently and she shoots at him with his own gun. McLain's wife Eva is arrested for his murder. With strong circumstantial evidence against her, Eva seems sure to be convicted... until the guilt-ridden Elizabeth persuades her own husband, defense attorney Tyler Flagg, to take the woman's case. He does so, but without knowing of his wife's involvement.
4269 ::: Kiiroi karasu (1957) ::: A young boy has formed an idealized image of his father, who has yet to be repatriated from Russia. When they finally meet they fail to get along. The boy withdraws more and more into himself, and the picture is concerned with how the two gradually develop a love for each other.
4270 ::: Nightmare Fuel: Return to the Abandoned Meat Factory (2016) ::: Dan Bell and Will Krupinsky return for another nighttime visit to abandoned Goetze Meat packing facility in Baltimore, MD. Dan and Will's second exploration of this creepy, burnt out building adds another layer of chill as you head further into the plant and see more of its contents. The "nightmare fuel" phrase in the title fully lives up to its promise.
4271 ::: Shinjuku Midnight Baby (2015) ::: Secret auctions have been held for decades in Shinjuku, Tokyo, where people buy and sell babies. These exclusive gatherings accurately portray the selfishness and greediness of the various people who come to buy, or to sell. The film also focuses on minorities and the disabled who are championed by the Minister, Machiko, and the people in her orbit. Machiko's son, Akira, and Toru, one of her political supporters, are lovers. These two brave young men have decided to undertake the first same-sex marriage in Japan, despite a rigidly enforced legal ban on gay marriage. They are guided through this political and emotional minefield by Masaru, a hard-of-hearing lawyer who stands firmly behind them. Masaru is actually Minister Machiko's son who had been given to his mother at one of the very early Midnight Baby Parties. The film ends on a high note, celebrating Japan's first gay marriage.
4272 ::: Informativni razgovori (2007) ::: How well do we remember the war? Is it hard for us talk about it? Do we start remembering suddenly when talking about it? Interrogation investigates the trauma, but not aiming at human pain. On the contrary, this film attempts to open the abysses of the war denial, which have become a dominant, but silent dimension of everyday life in the post-war Bosnia And Herzegovina.
4273 ::: Bruno & Boots: Go Jump in the Pool (2016) ::: Bruno Walton and Melvin "Boots" O'Neal are the most infamous troublemakers at MacDonald Hall - a supposedly prestigious school for boys. Bruno, the brains behind the operation, has managed without fail to convince Boots to tag along on his countless prank operations whether it includes stealing a rival school's mascot, switching the school's flag or invading Miss Scrimmage's Academy for Girls Education and Awakening across the road. Despite their ongoing pranks, Bruno and Boots LOVE their school and are willing to do anything to protect it. After a dismal defeat at the hands of their York Academy rivals at the semi-annual swim meet, Bruno uncovers that MacDonald Hall is perilously close to losing several top students to York (including his best pal Boots) thanks to MacDonald Hall's less than impressive sports facilities. Determined to save their swim program and keep his friends at MacDonald Hall, Bruno goes on a fundraising warpath to build their own pool. Through rummage sales, nationally televised bake-offs and other ill-advised (borderline illegal) schemes, the Macdonald Hall boys raise a good chunk of cash. But with the final swim meet of the season close at hand and only half the funds raised, Bruno must take drastic action to keep Boots from becoming a dreaded York "turkey" - a fate worse than any detention Headmaster William "The Fish" Sturgeon can dole out. Based on The Bestselling MacDonald Hall Book Series by Gordon Korman. Bruno Walton and Melvin "Boots" O'Neal are the most infamous troublemakers at MacDonald Hall - a supposedly prestigious school for boys. Bruno, the brains behind the operation, has managed without fail to convince Boots to tag along on his countless prank operations whether it includes stealing a rival school's mascot, switching the school's flag or invading Miss Scrimmage's Academy for Girls Education and Awakening across the road. Despite their ongoing pranks, Bruno and Boots LOVE their school and are willing to do anything to protect it.
4274 ::: Mule Train (1950) ::: A prospector discovers natural cement and suggests it should be used for a new dam. But this is the last thing the badmen of Trail End want, as they have a monopoly of the wagons needed to haul rocks to the site. A pretty sheriff notwithstanding, it's a job for a singing marshal.
4275 ::: The Minds of the D.C. Snipers (2007) ::: Soledad O'Brien examines the Beltway sniper case that terrorized the mid-Atlantic region in October 2002. Included: comments from the families of convicted snipers John Allen Muhammad and Lee Boyd Malvo, and Charles A. Moose, former chief of the Montgomery County (Md.) Police Department; an interview with Muhammad.
4276 ::: Río arriba (2005) ::: A debuting filmmaker travels to a sparsely inhabited area, were his great-grandfather ruled a sugar factory. He talks with some indigenous about their need of land, their opposition to the "white man culture" and their traditions. The filmmaker looks at the rustic production methods of the indigenous and their frugal consumption lifestyle and claims to have "learned" the harmonious relationship that indigenous populations have with Nature.
4277 ::: Search & Destroy (????) ::: Nano Assassins are injected inside the body of the President of the United States to remove an inoperable brain tumor and to Search and Destroy ISIS Leaders targeted in her dreams.
4278 ::: Neptune (2015) ::: Growing up on a secluded island off the coast of Maine and raised by the island's insular priest, Hannah Newcombe has led a sheltered life. She has plans to attend a prestigious boarding school on the mainland at the summer's end but finds her world upended with the sudden disappearance of a classmate, swallowed by the sea. Hannah's quiet obsession with the missing boy grows, leading to haunting dreams and visions. To pacify them, she attempts to fill the missing boy's role as a stern-man on his father's lobster boat. Now, torn between her commitment to the man who raised her and the man she hopes to save, Hannah is confronted with questions of her own identity for the first time.
4279 ::: Satyajit Ray Negatives (2006) ::: Calcutta, 1950: Satyajit Ray directs his first film and, by opening his eyes on his country's realities, breaks every conventions of Indian cinema. During twenty-five years, Ray's personal photographer Nemai Gosh will be his shadow. This movie tells their parallel destinies, it ventures Satyajit Ray's extraordinary artistic journey through the obsessive lens of Nemai Gosh. It is the touching and mysterious story of a photographer's disproportionate fascination for his subject. Today, at sixty-five years old, Nemai Gosh has decided to fight to preserve his treasure from time and humidity. He is installing the air-conditioning in the two little rooms where he preciously keeps the prints and the 90,000 negatives of Ray. But Nemai Gosh is not receiving any help in his quest, not even a word of encouragement. He is alone, humble and gentle, and as yet to heal from the death of his only true friend. For Nemai Gosh this documentary also means his last act of faith, it will help convey to future generations the fruits of his lifetime spent for another. He finally says what he bears on his heart. Giving access for the first and the last time to the entirety of his archives, he tells us: "this is the last thing I do for Ray". Parallel destinies: this film also follows the magnificent path of a great humanist: Satyajit Ray. To tell his story, it is to share the crazy adventure of his first master piece, Pather Panchali, it is to be overwhelmed by the universality that comes out of his movies, it is to discover his own town Calcutta, and to feel strangely at ease in an extremely different society, it is to understand the cultural legacy that Ray left to the world, and it is finally to realize the love that he had for his friends, his actors, and his collaborators. "Manikda, my life with Satyajit Ray" pays tribute to a creative genius, and to his privileged witness: Nemai Gosh, the only one who still lives with him everyday. Because of him, Ray resists to the bites of time.
4280 ::: Night of the Proms: Classic Meets Pop (2015) ::: For 30 years, Night of the Proms has been the hottest ticket in Europe. Now it comes to America. This TV series is a compilation of the very best Night of the Proms concert performances, featuring some of the most popular artists and smash hit songs of the past 5 decades, performed by the original artists in a spectacular setting. All performances are backed by Belgium's incomparable Il Novecento classical orchestra and Fine Fleur Choir. Between songs, behind-the-scenes footage and interviews provide an intimate look at one of the most successful and longest-running concert tours in the world.
4281 ::: The Unfinished Works of Sean Weathers (2004) ::: THE EROTIC ADVENTURES OF SAMSON & DELILAH: A man who was born with supernatural strength does battle with an evil corporation called the Alliance, which is trying to take over the world. To try and stop him from interfering they send out a beautiful woman to find out the secret to his strength. GANGZ VS. CULTS: Helen, the wife of one of the major gang leaders in New York City, is seduced and runs off with Prince, one of the head members of the biggest cult in the city. This leads to an epic battle between the 2 factions. ESCAPE FROM BLOODBATH ISLAND: 6 friends get stranded on a deserted island when the engine on their boat catches fire. Once there, they are stalked and hunted down, like prey, one by one by the sole native who lives there.
4282 ::: Sirens (1999) ::: Sally Rawling is visiting her ex-husband Edward Morgan, a black man. While in his car they begin to make out, when a police car comes, they mistakenly assume that he is raping her so they act, an altercation ensues with Edward being killed. Sally tries to do what she can to bring the man who killed Edward, Officer Wexler to justice but it's her word against his and his partner. So, she does what she can.
4283 ::: The War of Loong (2017) ::: The movie is based on a real historic event. During French's invading war against China in 1885, the French army took over Zhengnan Guan located in the Guangxi Province. Wishing to protect their beloved country, the 70 years old General Feng Zicai and his two sons volunteered to join the battle. The general understood it would be a difficult battle to win as the French soldiers held much more advanced equipment, resources and weapons. To show his devotion and determination, he brought his own coffin alongside with him to the war zone. He also utilized his experience with the Zhangnan Guan terrain to pave out strategies, made weapons applicable to their situations. These actions bolstered the morale tremendously, and prepared them well for the war. As a result, although the Chinese soldiers sustained heavy losses, they turned the tide of the battle and won.
4284 ::: Carny Kill (????) ::: Based on the classic pulp noir novel by Robert Edmon Alter: Leslie M. Thaxton, who prefers to be called Thax, seeks employment at Neverland, a down market theme park in the Florida swamp. One of the attractions is a retro side show, and Thaxton, who has been a carny barker and prestidigitator, fits right in at the shell-game stand. Unfortunately, the owner of Neverland is married to Thaxton's ex-wife May, a beautiful but evil woman who is a former knife thrower. Even more unfortunately, the morning after Thaxton's arrival his new boss is found floating among the alligators where the Swamp Ride is located, with one of his wife's knives in his back. Thax is a suspect, along with his ex-wife. The evidence that she did it is so overwhelming that it is obvious that she didn't do it. Luckily for her, a cop with imagination is in charge and recognizes a frame-up. With its surreal carnival setting and deliriously crooked cast of spielers, luck-boys, and dancing girls with indecent hips and sub-zero hearts, Carny Kill is classic film noir at its most devious and pungent.
4285 ::: Flights and Fights: Inside the Low Cost Airlines (2013) ::: Documentary telling the inside story of low-cost airlines - a tale of big characters and big money. Ryanair's Michael O'Leary and EasyJet's Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou opened up new frontiers in the aviation industry as their airlines offered cheap flights to a vast range of popular and alternative destinations. The programme follows O'Leary as he flies to Poland, takes an EasyJet flight to Moscow and a joins a group of lads travelling to Riga to sample the low-cost airline experience. As the cost of flying keeps increasing, how much further can these companies grow? Stelios, EasyJet's biggest shareholder, is trying to halt its expansion, while O'Leary has just placed a massive order for new planes.
4286 ::: Goli covjek (1968) ::: The story is set in a small Dalmatian town. Soon after the death of a local nobleman, a girl who worked as a servant in his house, gets pregnant. Even though the father's identity remains unknown, the whole neighborhood saw a naked man jumping down from her window on that same night when the nobleman died. Local teacher who lives in that house, falls in love with the girl who decides to tell him the truth about the "naked man".
4287 ::: Esther Broner: A Weave of Women (2013) ::: In 1975 Esther Broner and Naomi Nimrod wrote the first Women's Haggadah, leading the way for modern Jewish feminism. For the next 36 years, Esther Broner led the Feminist Seder in NYC with a core group of women. This film documents the evolution of Jewish feminism through the Feminist Seder. We use archival footage and interviews with leading Jewish feminists who attended the Seder such as Letty Cottin Pogrebin, Gloria Steinem, and Canadian feminist/author Michel Landsberg. At the same time it tells the story of Esther Broner, described by the NY Times as a writer who explored the double marginalization of being Jewish and female. She was "intensely concerned with Jewish spirituality, and with carving out a place for women in a faith tradition that had long seemed not to want them."
4288 ::: "Robson Green's Ultimate Catch" (2015) ::: Robson Heads into the Amazon on the hunt for fishing gold: the Bolivian golden Dorado, a beautiful but the most ferocious fighting fish on the planet whom is said to be the incarnation of a Warrior/Gladiator of the secret waters in Bolivia.
4289 ::: Tavalod-e yek parvaneh (2000) ::: Tensions abound in the relationships featured in the three episodes which make up the film - that between two young children and their stepfather, a cripple setting off alone on a pilgrimage without the company of his fellow villagers, and a teacher returning to his remote village and finding himself the subject of unrealistic expectations of the other villagers.
4290 ::: "Reclaimed Freedom" (2017) ::: A story of a trouble young mid-west man moves to LA to start a theatre company. But Scott has dark secrets. He's a sex addict, and uncomfortable with his sexuality. Thru abuse and manipulation, Scott tries with low dignity and self respect, to get his life in order. He makes a lot of enemies along the way - but perhaps the biggest enemy he makes is himself. This story take a real-look at what sex addiction does to family, and friends, and the consequences when your unaware of your actions.
4291 ::: One Night Only (2014/IV) ::: Han-Jae meets gay men at a bar in Jongno District, Seoul. He first meets them through an internet site. Once they get drunk, Han-Jae steals their money. He is accompanied by Hoon and pretends he is his boyfriend. Hoon is popular, but Han-Jae ignores Hoon's feelings for him. One day, Hoon suddenly kisses Han-Jae.
4292 ::: Trick Elephants (1897) ::: "Twelve of Barnum & Bailey's famous trick elephants performing in a ring. One stands on his head, another rolls a barrel around. Shows a number of elephants forming a pyramid, while others march round the ring performing many comical and amusing tricks."
4293 ::: "The Secret World of Michael Fry" (2000) ::: Young town planner Michael Fry discovers a surreal world of corruption and sleaze when he is tasked with closing down a seaside hotel. Nothing in his experience has prepared him for a confrontation with powerful adversaries who have financial interests and secrets to protect.
4294 ::: The Ghetto at Princeton (2013) ::: An eclectic blend of Princetonian characters are showcased in this satirical sketch comedy. From gangster-wannabes to colonial generals, stay at home fathers to post-modern hipsters, and hillbillies to hard bodied bros, TGAP explores a range of characters and cultures that exist in Princeton, New Jersey.
4295 ::: Scavengers (1987) ::: A college professor and his ex-girlfriend find themselves being hunted by the CIA, the KGB and an African drug smuggler. Seems they have inadvertently gotten information that would show how the KGB gave the CIA state secrets in return for a cut of the African drug-smuggling market.
4296 ::: "Retratos Do Mar" (2014) ::: Taking the art and sport of water photographer and cinematography to another level. From twenty foot swells to ten foot sharks, our cameramen shoot in untamed oceans in which they capture meaningful moments of athletes, actors, and marine life.
4297 ::: Uncovered (1995) ::: While restoring an old painting showing a woman and two men playing chess, Julia discovers the text "Who killed the knight" underneath the paint. The owner of the painting tells her that one of his forefathers was killed, the painting might identify the murderer. When Julia's friend is killed she understands that there is more to it. She consults Domenec, a chess genius who reconstructs the game from the painting. With any piece he takes, somebody dies.
4298 ::: Mr. Pickwick in a Double Bedded Room (1913) ::: The Pickwick Club sends Mr. Pickwick and a group of friends to travel across England and to report back on the interesting things they find. In the course of their travels, they repeatedly encounter the friendly but disreputable Mr. Jingle, who becomes a continual source of trouble for all who know him. Pickwick himself is the victim of a number of misunderstandings that bring him both embarrassment and problems with the law.
4299 ::: "Peping, munting anghel" (1976) ::: Jaypee (Romnick Sarmenta) is a young lad raised by his two old maid materialistic stage aunts (Bella Flores & Ely Roque). Dreaming of having a cash cow of their own, they push Jaypee to become a child star. They drag him to every audition available, until the child is hired and become extremely popular child star. The sisters become more and more greedy as the income gets bigger. They wallow in luxury (since there were no laws protecting the welfare of child actors in the Philippines in the 1970s), while at the same time forgetting the welfare of the child. Overworked and neglected, Jaypee collapses one day, finally succumbing to Pneumonia. His death becomes a wake up call to the Philippine lawmakers who decide to finally protect the welfare of child actors. And the sisters' wheel of fortune is summed up as: From rags to riches, then riches to rags.
4300 ::: Self Helpless (2010) ::: John Candy is convinced that he is the ultimate ladies man and the world's greatest DJ, despite the fact that he works at a gas station and lives with his father. The Drake is a disgruntled pothead landscaper who lives with his bitchy, overachieving girlfriend. Even regular trips to his weed dealer, The Dude, can't keep The Drake from getting frustrated by his situation. Felix is a budding entrepreneur who is sick and tired of his job in a law firm. His ultimate goal is to make it big with a porn site he is running. Simon is a failed birthday party magician with more than a few screws loose. Self Helpless is the story of these four friends and their hair-brained search for enlightenment. These easily misguided young men each pursue a different self-help trend, always ending in disaster. During a poorly timed acid trip, The Drake has a vision in which he realizes that the answers he and his friends have been looking for lie with the Don Rodrigo, an all knowing Mexican guru. The boys realize that they must seek out the Don Rodrigo at all costs. After liberating Felix from his job, and a few inspirational speeches, the crew is headed south of the border where they encounter gangsters, drugs, guns, explosions, and some awesome parties. Prepare to be laughing on the edge of your seat.
4301 ::: Durak (2014/II) ::: The Fool is a movie about a simple plumber. An honest man, he is up against an entire system of corrupted bureaucrats. At stake are the lives of 800 inhabitants of an old dorm that is at risk of collapsing within the span of the night. Dima Nikitin is a simple and honest guy, a foreman of a repair team at a provincial housing service. Nothing really makes him stand out among the rest. It's only the unusual combination of honesty and integrity that makes others perceive him as somewhat weird.In the little town there is a notorious dorm, inhabited mainly by drunkards and outcasts. One night the pipes burst at the dorm. After arriving at the scene, Nikitin discovers that things are way more serious - the building will not stand through the night. People need to be evacuated immediately. Fighting the red tape, Nikitin sets off on a night Odyssey around the town authorities.
4302 ::: Unraveled (????/I) ::: A film crew of hip 20-somethings take a road trip to shoot a video. They arrive at a cabin in the mountains. Little do they know that they are being watched by a sadistic murderer and are about to become the the stars of his own personal snuff film.
4303 ::: Desire (2009/I) ::: Writer Ralph sits at the top of his London house, crippled by agoraphobia, emasculated by the success of his soap-star wife Phoebe, unable to complete the screenplay that will rescue his reputation and his family. With a deadline looming, he invites French student Nene to look after the children, little guessing where it will lead. Nene takes her place in the home, but is she carer, muse, lover or thief? As Ralph succumbs to his desire, Nene embarks on a passionate relationship with both husband and wife which leads all three into areas of emotional and creative transgression. Who is using whom? Who is writing the film called Desire? And where will it end?
4304 ::: Yawarakai seikatsu (2005) ::: Yuko is 35 years old, single, out of work, and on medication from her psychiatrist to combat her manic depression. Living in Kamata Town, Yuko divides her time between a variety of men friends, each with his own peculiarities. Her university classmate, Homma, suffers from impotence. "K", whom she meets on the net, is a self-confessed pervert. Then, there is a young gangster, Yasuda, who is a fellow manic depressive. Her cousin, Shoichi, is also on the scene, having left his family to pursue his mistress, only to be given the cold shoulder by her, too. Yuko seems to create a different persona depending on whom she is talking to at the time. Human contact is just as important for her as for anyone else, but sometimes her condition makes it difficult for others to relate to her for as long as she would like.
4305 ::: Korogare! Tamako (2006) ::: Tamako lives with her Mom who runs a beauty shop and a young brother, a high school student. When she was very young, her Dad moved out of the house while she was playing hide and seek with him. Since then, she distrusts people and withdrew herself into her own world. Whenever she steps out of her home, she wears an iron helmet. Neighbors call her a princess in an iron helmet. Sweet buns, that's what Tamako loves most. She has grown up on the sweet buns that an old man has been making at his bake shop. Lying down on the bed, she indulges in sweet buns. That is when all her fears and anxieties are gone and she feels most blissful. Taking sweet buns with her, she goes to see her father at his shop. That has become her daily routine. Her father is a dreamy character who runs a mechanic shop during the day and works on an art object during the night. Tamako lives in a small world within a 500-meter radius, which is her triangle zone; the beauty shop, the mechanic shop, and the bake shop. She has not stepped out of that small world for a long time. But one day, Tamako discovers her mother falls in love with a guy she knows. Moreover, the bake shop temporarily closes its business due to the old man's sudden illness. To makes the situation even more shocking, she finds her homebound cat gone from her house. All of a sudden, her secure and comfortable world begins to tumble down.
4306 ::: Heart Beat (2017) ::: Japan is renowned as a suicide nation where around 80 people daily and 30,000 people annually commit suicide. 13 years ago, Fumie (Aska Kurosawa (' A Snake of June' by Shinya Tsukamoto, 'Cold Fish' by Sion Sono)) lost her daughter who committed suicide as a result of being bullied at her school. After the ordeal, Fumie, together with his son, returned to her parents' home in the mountainous area, to create an organization called 'Heartbeat.' She pursues to rescue people with suicide attempts. Fumie who supports them while living in a communal life is also experiencing her sorrow and emotional conflicts through the loss of her own daughter. One day, a man who is attempting to commit suicide calls Fumie. The man who is rescued by her takes violent and insolent attitudes. Fumie feels anxious but takes him back home. That night, an unexpected situation hits her...
4307 ::: Powder Room (2013) ::: The comedy follows Sam, as her life is turned upside down on a big night out. When reunited with her old college friends, Sam is forced to re-evaluate her life and constructs an elaborate façade in order to convince herself and her friends that she has it all. But once her dysfunctional yet devoted trio of best mates intervene, her carefully crafted charade begins to crumble amidst the shots, cigarettes, ciders and toilet transgressions. Faced with some very harsh realities, Sam must struggle to remain true to herself and reassess exactly what she wants from life.
4308 ::: La noche del terror ciego (1972) ::: In the 13th century there existed a legion of evil knights known as the Templars, who quested for eternal life by drinking human blood and committing sacrifices. Executed for their unholy deeds, the Templars bodies were left out for the crows to peck out their eyes. Now, in modern day Portugal, a group of people stumble on the Templars abandoned monastery, reviving their rotting corpses to terrorize the land. In medieval times, a group of renegade knights were executed for their black magic rituals. In 1970s Portugal, vacationing college kids fall prey to the knights' zombified corpses, ressurrected from the dead to feast on the blood of the living.
4309 ::: Sexual Surrender (2003) ::: The young effective manager Andy who is very lucky with women and the lover of the daughter of company' owner is charged an important task on which career of a beginning shark of capitalism depends. But here, on the trouble, he meets insistent blonde Lida.
4310 ::: Joseph's Gift (1998) ::: Joseph is the youngest member of a large family that owns a successful garment business in Los Angeles. His father, Jacob, makes no attempt at hiding the fact that Joseph is his favorite son, resulting in the constant envy and resentment of his brothers. Eventually, in their bitterness, they plot revenge against this favored son. When Joseph accompanies his brothers on a trip to New York, they commit the ultimate betrayal, stranding him there, a virtual prisoner in a corrupt, modern-day sweat shop.
4311 ::: Lucknow Diaries (????) ::: The Siege of Lucknow was the prolonged defence of the Residency within the city of Lucknow during the Indian Rebellion of 1857. After two successive relief attempts had reached the city, the defenders and civilians were evacuated from the Residency, which was then abandoned. The siege being seen and recorded by various defenders (military / civilians) (visual artists / poets).
4312 ::: Rwanda Rises Up (2010) ::: Four Canadian recording artists and producer David Bottril write and record an album in Rwanda along with local musicians. The artists are inspired by the country's incredible transformation since the genocide in 1994 and the album's beautiful music reflects the infectious positive energy which is now pervasive in that scarred land.
4313 ::: Barry Hilton: Serial Comic (2011) ::: On the run for 30 years, Serial Comic Barry Hilton, was detained at Gold Reef City for a sizzling show. His quick wit, animated physical antics and hilarious facial expressions will leave you gasping for air. Enjoy his well-timed delivery and perfect execution from the moment you push play right up till the last minute. Charmed and dangerous, he's so funny, he should be outlawed.
4314 ::: 5TH NAFCA: African Oscar (2015) ::: The Nollywood and African Film Critics' Awards, commonly known as The African Oscars, are U.S. awards for achievements in the film industry and The NAFCA Honors are awarded to recognize outstanding individuals whose professional careers have been marked by extraordinary personal and professional accomplishments. Honorees and winners are awarded the NAFCA Trophies, officially the Award of Merit that is much better known by its nickname NAFCA. The awards, first presented in 2011 at the RTP Sheraton Imperial Hotel in Durham North Carolina, are overseen by the Nollywood Film Critics USA. The NAFCA Special Honors were presented for the first time in 2011 to President Nelson Mandela. Recipients of this award in subsequent years include His Imperial Majesty Kabiyesi Alaiyeluwa Oba Okunade Sijuwade Olubuse II The Ooni of Ife, President Paul Biya, President Yahya Jammeh of The Gambia, Honorable Ama Muna Tutu the Cameroon minister of Arts and Culture, Dr. Folorunsho Alakija, Oscars' award winner Louis Gossett Jr., Hollywood actors Glynn Thurman and Keith David among others. The NAFCA and The NAFCA Honors are presented yearly during the second weekend in September. The NAFCA is designed to globally promote African Cinema and culture. The prestigious NAFCA and The NAFCA Honors are awards of merit and are considered the highest African film and honorary awards. The 5th NAFCA and The NAFCA Honors 2015 awards will be held at the historic Orpheum Theatre of Los Angeles, California USA on the 12th of September.
4315 ::: Moral Kombat (2009) ::: Moral Kombat takes a look into the controversial subject of violence in video games. Director Spencer Halpin shows the constant conflict between the game creators' first amendment right to make a violent game and the eminent threat that violence poses on the next generation.
4316 ::: Unit 4 (1981) ::: Special anti-terrorist strike force Unit 4 -- comprised of hand-picked commandos from the military -- is assigned to rescue a government official and his family from a revolutionary terrorist sect with a bomb held up in the Colorado Rockies.
4317 ::: A Different Conversation (2009) ::: "A Different Conversation" explores the experiences of college students on a trip to Jerusalem. Drawing from multiple religious and cultural backgrounds, these students generated individual and collective narratives as to how religion is both relevant and alive today. Within the context of Jerusalem's political tensions, the students explored interfaith dialogue and the interactions of the many religious traditions that inhabit this sacred space. Moreover, this space induced moments of self-reflection - forcing them to better understand themselves as individuals in a rich religious community. This documentary approaches Jerusalem from a different perspective - one focused not on politics or violence, but on religion and the people it affects.
4318 ::: Belgium Building (2014) ::: A young, confused Pauly, copes with stress as his parents face divorce. After bumping his head (we're not in Kansas anymore), Pauly encounters an unparalleled environment where his apartment building is overtaken by alien beings out to destroy every last soul. The boy must traverse through the building like a mouse in a maze as he avoids unusual obstacles and creatures set out to defeat him. Pauly intends to save his mother while ultimately fleeing Belgium Building.
4319 ::: Vertical Living Made Easy (2008) ::: In the dizzying heights of New York's luxury high-rises and the depths of its infamous tenements, an unstable immigrant grandmother and a 15 year old homeless boy play an emotional game of cat and mouse, as each attempts to secure a place to call "home." As their romance evolves into something darker, this 23 minute short film explores the extremes we will go to in order to find connection.
4320 ::: Chekhov and Maria (2007) ::: Russian playwright Anton Chekhov is ill with tuberculosis and is cared for by his sister Maria with whom he lives in Yalta. He is desperately struggling to complete his play "The Cherry Orchard." With Maria's help, he is able to continue writing, but when Maria discovers that he has secretly married the Moscow Art Theatre actress, Olga Knipper, she feels betrayed and schemes to prevent him from returning to Moscow. When Chekhov discovers how manipulative Maria has been, they have a major confrontation.
4321 ::: Jon Reep: Metro Jethro (2009) ::: That hilarious hick from Hickory is back! And in this new one-hour stand-up special he's gonna make the rafters shake and your biscuits bake. Recorded live at the McGlohon Theatre in Charlotte, NC, is a sweet batch of sophisticated small town funny with a little bit of big city smarts.
4322 ::: Cosmic Slop (1994) ::: In the tradition of The Twilight Zone, this bizarre, thought-provoking trilogy addresses the destiny of the world's minorities: Part I: A conservative African American politician must choose between his people's survival and appeasing his white colleagues when space aliens propose to share their profound knowledge in exchange for all black people on earth. Part II: The Virgin Mary's appearance in an inner-city housing project forces a Hispanic priest to face the hidden cultural origins of Western religion. Part III: On the dawn of the "Black Revolution," an African American couple discovers who the "real" enemy is.
4323 ::: Történetek a magyar filmröl (1982) ::: Nadasy Laszlo beszelget Radvanyi Gezaval (1907-1987) eleterol, filmrendezoi tevekenysegerol, s kozben felidezodik a film egy sajatos korszaka. A beszelgetes, visszaemlekezes soran megszolalnak a tanitvanyok, munkatarsak es baratok. Korabeli dokumentumfilmek es a rendezo legjelentosebb filmjeinek reszletei segitenek kirajzolni a tehetsegrol es szuntelen munkarol tanuskodo gazdag eletpalyat.
4324 ::: Ernie Banks (????) ::: ERNIE BANKS is the story is about the man behind the constant smile; his humble beginnings scavenging food in garbage cans, picking cotton and his journey in always trying to help those around him, always striving to better himself, always showing the world his positive attitude while behind the scenes his world was being impacted from all directions, which left him always wondering if he was a mistake.
4325 ::: Xiong zhai yan zhi (1998) ::: A Hong Kong businessman is in financial trouble, so a Japanese Japanese bank offers a loan on the condition that he sell the family mansion on Lantau Island. The tenant, his patriotic uncle, will only go out in a coffin. The Japanese bank use blackmail to scare the businessman but they don't know that, in that house, there's something terrible than their blackmail.
4326 ::: Horror! (2007) ::: A Film Nerd spends his time watching the trashiest horror DVDs he can track down. But his world is turned inside-out when creatures from some of these films infest his idyllic home town of Exmouth. With all communications down, his friends picked off one by one, and the monsters about to break out of Exmouth's perimeter walls; the Film Nerd will need to use all he has learned from terrible B-Movies.
4327 ::: A Kiss Goodnight (1994) ::: Matilda, a young advertising executive, enjoys a brief yet passionate affair with Kurt, a stranger, while her boyfriend is working long hours as a medical resident. She decides that she really wants to be with her boyfriend, but Kurt does not take rejection well.
4328 ::: Feathertop (????) ::: Based on a short story by Nathaniel Hawthorne first published in 1852, the tale uses a metaphoric scarecrow named Feathertop and its adventure to offer the reader a conclusive lesson about human character. Staying true to the original story line, "Feathertop" Animated movie, is a classically drawn 2D animation by Pierre De Celles and animation production by Crashdown Studio.
4329 ::: "Yi tian tu long ji" (2002) ::: This popular tale of the martial arts world, set in 14th century China, centers around two legendary wuxia weapons - the Dragon Slaying Sabre and the Heavenly Sword - whose wielder, legend claims, is destined to rule the world. After decades of struggle and famine for which many Chinese blame the ruling Mongolian Yuan Dynasty, the martial arts sects have begun to rebel. Internal power struggles and violent attempts to acquire the two weapons mold the life of the story's young protagonist, Zhang Wuji, forcing his parents' tragic double suicide and plunging the youth into a world of treachery, intrigue and danger. Zhang Wuji's remarkable aptitude for martial arts brings him into prominence as he attempts to end the feuds among the various clans. Balancing his fighting skills, Wuji's innate morality, kindness, and loyalty win him unexpected allies and the devotion of several women of outstanding personality, all of whom play important roles in the young hero's tumultuous personal and public life. Wuji's struggles to sort out his love relationships and his efforts to unite the orthodox and unorthodox warrior sects collide in the story's climax, as Wuji and his followers strive to overthrow the Yuan rulers and return the country's governance to the Chinese people.
4330 ::: Shark Wars (????) ::: Marine Scientist, Amanda Elizabeth sets out on a journey to discover the effects of shark drum lines and in doing so, uncovers a war between those that want to protect these mysterious creatures and those that want to cull them!
4331 ::: Viande d'origine française (2009) ::: Something unbelievable is happening in French Cinema since year 2000. A "new wave" of horror movies is rising, with young directors as Alexandre Aja, Xavier Gens, Pascal Laugier, Pascal du Welz and Yannick Dahan. This documentary shows how hard it is to make horror movies in French Cinema. By the creators of the documentary "Suck My Geek!"
4332 ::: Here There and Everywhere Beatles Fan Film (2018) ::: "Here There and Everywhere" includes original interviews with famous and emerging musicians, authors and artists who have all been influenced by the FAB4, as well as individuals who were key to help create the international acclaim, and those who keep the flame burning today. The film specially recorded musical performances by fans from around the world and never-seen-before restored footage and photographs from film makers and photographers of the time.
4333 ::: "Wife Swap Australia" (2012) ::: Have you ever wondered whether the grass is greener on the other side of the fence? From moody teenagers and spoilt children to errant husbands and trophy wives, this series gives a whole new meaning to domestic bliss and lifts the lid on what it means to be Australian in the 21st century. WIFE SWAP AUSTRALIA is not a competition or a contest. It is a reality show unlike any other, where the battlegrounds are the kitchens and living rooms, child-rearing is a subject of intense and heated debate, and the outcome isn't a cash prize, but a couple's opportunity to re-discover why they love each other and decided to marry in the first place. With its mirror on Australian domestic lives, this series sees sparks fly as two wives from radically different families swap places for a week. It's not just the wives that need to get used to a new family, but the husbands and children are given a wake-up call too as they have to adapt to new house routines.
4334 ::: Popcorn und Paprika (1984) ::: The German national swim team is on its way to an international contest against Hungary. Its a bus full of young kids looking forward to a week of fun in the "Paris of the East". But when Peter, his top swimmer falls in love with an Hungarian girl, Sigi, the coach knows he's heading for trouble...
4335 ::: Sexting in America: When Privates Go Public (2010) ::: From top TV shows to hit songs, "Sexting in America: When Privates Go Public," explores the recent emergence of 'sexting' in pop culture and looks at which celebrities have been caught hitting "send." The special also takes an in-depth look at the pervasiveness and consequences of 'sexting' - the act of sending or forwarding nude, sexually suggestive, or explicit pictures on your cell or online - as MTV explores who is doing it, why teens and young adults hit "forward" instead of "delete," and what happens when hitting "send" really isn't the end.
4336 ::: The Nehemiah Project (2015) ::: The Nehemiah Project is a short film about Nehemiah Spencer, a Juilliard graduate, Director of Dance Arts at Tender Hearts Crusades, and Complexions Contemporary Dance Company dancer, and his dream of founding an after-school intensive for at risk youth that gives back to the community in a very unique way. Applying dance as a Social & Emotional Learning (SEL) technique, The Nehemiah Project promotes bully free environments where's students can learn and grow.
4337 ::: Party Police: Wild on the Water (2006) ::: Every year, the Florida Keys' Bartenders' Weekend gives workers in the hospitality and service industries a chance to cut loose with a party of their own. Attendees get wild on hundreds of boats tied together off the area's famous tropical beaches. Bartenders, waitresses, and strippers from all over the world come to this annual event, bringing with them all the debauchery and excess the authorities can handle. Ride along with coastal law enforcement agencies as they patrol the Mardi Gras of the sea.
4338 ::: "Wild Ops" (2017) ::: On Wild Ops, veterinary medicine meets Delta Force intensity. A crack team of veterinarians, muggers and pilots attempt to capture, study and relocate wild animals. Utilizing helicopters, snowmobiles, ATVs, radio-collars, dart guns, ropes, nets, hobbles and mobile ER units, these wildlife wranglers chase a wide variety of wildlife: deer, moose, elk, wolves, pronghorn, and bighorn sheep, to name a few. Once captured, the Wild Ops team administers necessary medicines and tracking devices to ensure the health of the individual animal and the entire species for generations to come.
4339 ::: The Laugher (2005) ::: A man tells his son he is a professional laugher to protect him from the hard life of janitorial work. When the son finds out, he learns the realities of work, family and life. But it is not until he grows up and has his own child that he will understand his father's lie. This is a story that spans two generations and depicts the complicated relationship between father-son.
4340 ::: When the World's on Fire (2014) ::: What is the American Dream, and does it still exist? If so, for whom does it exist? Javier's journey, far from family and familiarity, has brought him to the American South in search of work and the hope for a better tomorrow. Will his vision of success be dampened by the opaque chaos that slowly encases him, leaving him numb to society? Javier must escape his own afflictions to realize his vision of a triumphant return to a distant family.
4341 ::: Ladies Room (1987) ::: In the 1930s, a man finds a woman undressing in the ladies room and they immediately hit it off. In the 1940s, women in the ladies room watch as a woman pressures her friend to take advantage of a drunk man. In the 1950s, two men immediately hit it off with a buxom woman and her friend in the ladies room. In the 1960s, the friend returns and seduces a plumber who installs a urinal. In the 1970s, a disco stud's girlfriend bursts in the mens room to argue about him wanting a threesome. His lover walks in too. After some cocaine snorting, the stud and his lover convince the girlfriend to try the merits of a threesome. Finally in the 1980s, a punk couple learns to accept their post-operative transsexual friend, after she shows she's still got what it takes.
4342 ::: Stille Storm (2018) ::: As a family of four drive home one late spring evening, a tragic accident occurs severely injuring all occupants of the car with the exception of Cas, a 17 year old teenager. He watches his mother and father die. With his sister severely injured and now in a coma, Cas is left alone in this world. Placed in the care of his aunt and uncle, Cas slowly begins to sink into a deep depression, fighting against himself as he tries to find a new place in a world which doesn't understand or know how to love him.
4343 ::: We Are Not Princesses (2018) ::: Feminine wisdom, passed through the ages, connects a group of Syrian women with the ancient Greek heroine, Antigone, giving them a sense of strength and belonging. Through animation and intimate vérité footage, this documentary illustrates the thoughts, memories and dreams of these mothers, sisters and wives as they grapple with past traumas and express themselves openly for the first time.
4344 ::: "Final Fantasy VII: The Web Series" (2014) ::: A small band of eco-freedom fighters battle against the planet-exploiting Shinra Corporation, only to be swept away in an epic struggle against the artificially created superhuman warrior, Sephiroth. Can Cloud, the leader of this group of heroes, save the planet, even though he doesn't even exist?
4345 ::: A sud di Pavese (2015) ::: Cesare Pavese inspired an intimate journey in search of the threads which continue to link his universe to the present time. Shot in the symbolic places of a poetic imagery, the film starts in the hillsides of Piedmont and ends in the Calabrian Sea on the "border": Macedonian communities that are repopulating the farmers' vineyards and the stories of those who resist in difficult territories, also in the name of literature.
4346 ::: Never Too Late (1965) ::: Middle-aged Harry lives comfortably with his wife Edith and his daughter and her husband. Though rather sour and a bit mean, he is in fact content. So when Edith finds she is pregnant again he is anything but overjoyed. Apart from the changes it will mean, he is now seen as some sort of older superman in town. Meanwhile his daughter sees child bearing as a way out of the extra housework she is having to do, the achievement of which starts to put pressure on her increasingly tired husband.
4347 ::: Virgin Alexander (2011) ::: Alexander is a 26 year old scrap hauler who is facing eviction. In a last ditch effort to save his house from the bank, he turns it into a brothel - even though he has never had sex before.
4348 ::: To Save a Life 2 (????) ::: The second film in the To Save A Life series finds Jake Taylor at college thousands of miles apart from his girlfriend Amy. Befriending a young girl with a traumatic history leads Amy back to the father who abandoned her. Jake's position on the Louisville basketball team lands him in the midst of parties, beautiful women...and one decision that will shake him to the core. When everything Jake believes is challenged, will he go with the flow or stand alone for what is right? One choice will change everything...
4349 ::: Beibi seil (1997) ::: Ad copywriter Sang-joon and event planner Ji-hyun meet for the first time in an elevator and decide to get married right away. But marital bliss is short lived for these two with the arrival of their son Nu-ri. Ji-hyun, exhausted from raising a baby, wants to go back to work. She thinks of a clever plan to return to her job.
4350 ::: Apprentice (2016) ::: Aiman is a 28-year-old Malay correctional officer who is recently transferred to the territory's top prison. He lives with his older sister Suhaila in a modest housing estate. At his new workplace, Aiman begins to take an interest in a 65-year-old sergeant named Rahim. Soon, it is revealed that the charismatic Rahim is actually the long-serving chief executioner of the prison. Rahim also takes notice of the principled and diligent Aiman. When Rahim's assistant suddenly quits, he asks Aiman to become his apprentice. Aiman tells Suhaila of his new job position, but Suhaila becomes upset, as their father was actually executed by Rahim. Aiman knew this all along. Can Aiman overcome his conscience and a haunted past to possibly take over as the next chief executioner? Once a troubled teenager himself, young Aiman, a former army regular and a correctional officer for the past two years, driven by his desire to help those who want to change, is transferred from Commonwealth to Larangan's maximum security prison workshop to handle the rehabilitated prisoners. Even though his personal reasons for wanting this transfer are quite ambiguous, before long, Aiman will meet with the prison's chief executioner Rahim, who as a seasoned hangman for more than thirty years, will see a man of discipline and principles in Aiman and take him under his wing. Eventually, when Rahim's assistant unexpectedly decides to resign, the chief will ask Aiman to take over, learn the "ropes" and the tricks of the trade, and ultimately, take pride in the humane methodology used in this horrifyingly repellent profession. As the eager apprentice's macabre fascination draws him closer to the chief executioner, will there be any place left for compassion?
4351 ::: A Casa no Fim da Estrada (????) ::: The family man and police officer Tito just got suspended from his job. Accused for assaulting a teenager and fearing being fired, he takes on a proposal made by the drug dealer Surfer, thinking of the future of his family: to rob the safe of a isolated house at the end of a dirt road, in which a strange Family made by a old man, his wife and a girl lives. Tito plans what looks like and easy and quick robbery with Marco, his older brother, Gaguinho, Marco's stuttery assistant and Surfer. When they get to the house at the end of the road, they find the family normally eating dinner. Tito leads the action until everything starts to fall apart. Surfer vanishes and the others are made hostage. By the hand of the old man, who turns out to be the leader of a cult of masked torturers, Tito will get to know and feel in his own skin the extension of violent terror that inhabits the basement of the house. In this very basement Tito's destiny will be shaken between life and death until it reaches its final and shocking conclusion.
4352 ::: Grihalakshmi (1938) ::: The film tells of the decadent dancer, Madhuri (Kanchanmala), who seduces the upright Dr. Krishna Rao (Ramanujachari) into leaving his good wife Radha (Kannamba). The doctor becomes an alcoholic and is framed for the murder of Vishwasa Rao, the trustee of his father's estate. Krishna Rao's brother-in-law Gopinath (Nagaiah) helps the hero and later offers shelter to a destitute Radha. Radha has a scuffle with Madhuri, falls down the stairs and becomes mentally unbalanced, ending up waling the streets of Madras denouncing god, truth and justice.
4353 ::: Small Talk (2007/III) ::: Franziska is a high school social outcast who has a secret admirer. The Goth Guy tries to speak with her but it never goes well. She is responsible for her little brother while their mom is away. He is home sick watching t.v. all day. In her isolation, she is reluctantly befriended by a persistent old casserole from the back of the fridge. What will it take for her to risk all and make a true friend?
4354 ::: Ghost Troop: Paranormal Soldiers (2016) ::: "There are many so called Paranormal researchers in search of ghosts and spirits; but not many of them are willing to provoke the dead and then confront demons, apparitions and other sinister and malevolent entities of the unknown. This collection is for those brave enough to challenge the sometimes deadly forces of the afterlife. Visit the most haunted pubs, hospitals, sanitariums, etc. and experience evidence of the paranormal as a team of psychics attempt to contact the spirit world while being rattled to the core by the events that unfold in this bone chilling collection of ghost encounters. ""REAL CHILLS!"" - Videoscope. ""Scary true stories!"" - Deadly Indie Drive In. ""Entertaining and chilling!"" - United Media Network. OVER TWO HOURS OF CHILLING GHOST ENCOUNTERS. 2 DVD COLLECTORS SET!
4355 ::: Le Ombre della Luce (2010) ::: This is a journey into the world of cinema theaters, a tribute to the film and to the analogue, mechanical projection. Projectionists, cashiers, managers and technicians relate their work experiences. From the time of regularly sold-out shows in the 50s and 60s, to the audience crises in the 80s and in the past decade; from the time of entire lifes spent in projection rooms with carbon arc projectors, to the digital revolution. These stories are set against the backdrop of Turin, one of the first cities in Italy where the Lumiere's Cinématographe was demonstrated to the public in 1896.
4356 ::: Teiichi no kuni (2017) ::: Teiichi dreams of one day being the ruler of his own empire, but to get there he needs to make sure that his candidate for class president at his elite high school wins the election. This is a high school election fought with all the fervor or a nasty, national campaign. Lies, bribery, sabotage and scandal all come into play as the boys fight it out to determine who will be the next class president.
4357 ::: A Life of Laughter: Remembering John Ritter (2003) ::: This touching documentary goes into the life and career of the late, great John Ritter, and also tells you the details about what happened his very last day. This documentary features interviews by Henry Winkler, Joyce DeWitt, Suzanne Somers, Martin Short, Jason Alexander, and many more.
4358 ::: Abe Sada: A Japanese Crime of Passion (2017) ::: On May 18, 1936, Abe Sada, a former geisha, kills her lover by "erotic asphyxiation", then slices his sex and inscribes his name in his flesh. In an ultra-controlled and militarized Japan, the press is passionate about this transgressive incident, while the murderer defends herself, presenting her crime as an act of "crazy love". Relayed to the West, this murder conveys the image of a fantasized Japan, where all impulses are given free rein.
4359 ::: Le 7e voyage de La Mouette (2001) ::: Portrait documentaire d'une famille qui fait du théâtre de marionnettes. Conciliant leur passion du théâtre ŕ celle du voyage, Louise, Philippe et leurs trois fils parcourent les routes du Canada. Au programme, une pičce ŕ teneur écologique écrite par Louise. Plaisir des rencontres et découverte de paysages somptueux alternent avec routine du quotidien et fatigue de la route. La fin de cette septičme tournée nous fait découvrir les fils devenus des adultes. Seront-ils de la prochaine aventure?
4360 ::: Not Even the Devil (2011) ::: For the past two years Bounty Hunters Jack Freeman and his partner Brett Gill have been trying to capture the sneaky and bold bounty Miguel Torres without success. In his obsession Jack goes after Miguel into a land where not even the devil dares to go into. Jack begins to transform little by little into the same thing he's always been after. The only hope for Jack is that Brett reaches him before it's too late. For the past two years, Bounty Hunters Jack Freeman (Rodolfo Rodriguez) and his partner Brett Gill (Isaac Santiago) have been trying to capture the evasive and bold bounty target Miguel Torres (Jorge Alberti). In his obsession, Jack pursues Miguel into a place where even the devil dares to go. As he nears his target, Jack evolves into the devil's world to battle for his future and bounty rewards. While his past closes in on him, the only hope for Jack is that Bret reaches him before it's too late.
4361 ::: Peter Grimes on Aldeburgh Beach (2013) ::: PETER GRIMES is probably Benjamin Britten's most famous and admired opera, appreciated around the globe for its visceral beauty and portrayal of a small community which struggles to accommodate the fisherman and outsider Peter Grimes. For 2013, PETER GRIMES comes home in a landmark project with open-air staging on the beach at Aldeburgh - the very location in which the opera is set - as dusk fades over the sea and darkness falls. Aldeburgh Music's stage production, directed by Tim Albery and conducted by Steuart Bedford, will be filmed for cinema release; the film version will be directed by leading multi-camera director Margaret Williams. With the North Sea and sky as the backdrop, a first rate chorus and orchestra PETER GRIMES ON ALDEBURGH BEACH promises to be one of the most talked about cultural events of 2013.
4362 ::: Cristiana monaca indemoniata (1972) ::: During a plane trip from Athens to Rome, the young Cristiana, daughter of a prostitute, and her friend Luca, join in for wagering in the eyes of other passengers. Continuing their flight, the plane meets a storm and is about to crash . Terrorized, Christian make a promise: If God comes to her rescue, she will dedicate her life to being a nun.
4363 ::: Palermo Hollywood (2004) ::: In a country that has been broken down and corupted by poverty, Pablo and Mario are best friends and local thieves. Although they come from very different backgrounds, they help each other out by commiting petty crimes that help Pablo support his family and Mario become independent from his own. In a twist of fate, they become involved in a kidnapping that goes sour. This tragedy triggers and unmasks a series of events that changes their lives forever. Now the two friends will be tested and their lives taken to the limit.
4364 ::: Necromentia (2009) ::: A off-world look at the superstitious repercussions of tattooing an Ouija Board on your body. Hagen, who has a dead wife believes that he can revive her from the dead. Travis, a man who lost his brother and wants to join him in the after life. Morbius, a bartender who is betrayed by those he loves comes back from the dead to take revenge. And a strange man only known as Mr. Skinny protects the secrets of the Ouija Board and how the stories weave and affect each other.
4365 ::: The Goddess Project (2017) ::: Determined to empower the feminine voice, two aspiring filmmakers packed their lives into a school bus and hit the road for what became the most transformative adventure of their lives. Through powerful conversations with over 100 women from different walks of life, The Goddess Project gives an intimate look into the collective experience that women in the United States face today.
4366 ::: "Marielena" (1981) ::: Marielena lives in the slums outside Caracas. She is poor, honest and beautiful. She suffers the trauma of being raped. Destiny has a hand in the meeting between Marielena and Daniel, a young man whose family is very wealthy. Love begins to grow between then until Marielena discovers Daniel is the brother of her attacker. Marielena accuses them both to the authorities but Daniel proves his innocence. Marielena marries Daniel but the marriage is short lived and it isn't until after Marielena is treated by a psychiatrist that she is able to free herself from the past and start a new life with Daniel.
4367 ::: American Trial (2018) ::: By depicting real-life witnesses and actual evidence in a courtroom setting, American Trial will tell the story of the trial that may have occurred had NYPD Officer Daniel Pantaleo been indicted for the killing of Eric Garner in Staten Island, New York. Using the trial as a conduit, this documentary will examine accountability, race and police/civilian relations in New York City and beyond.
4368 ::: Endgame (Miller's Reckoning) (????) ::: Tobias Miller has everything he's ever wanted: an upscale home, a successful career and the realization that soon, he will be a first time father. It all changes one day when he walks through his front door and three masked men shoot him, leave him for dead, and abduct his loving wife Grace. Like a ticking bomb, hatred builds inside him as endless days turn into weeks without an arrest. Haunted by the memory of Grace's terror, he can't help but feel guilty for his failure to protect her. His nightmare truly begins when her ravaged body is found dumped in an isolated corner of a park. He descends ever deeper into an abyss of darkness. Joe Ackers, a seemingly sympathetic police detective, throws Miller a lifeline by offering him an unusual proposal. Through Ackers, Miller learns the names of the masked men and is given a choice: he can continue his downward spiral into depression and waste away, or he can seek revenge. In a secluded cabin, Ackers teaches Miller how to fight, to think, and stay one step ahead of his enemies. They methodically work through each stage of a fail-proof plan - until all three men are tracked down and viciously killed. With Grace's death avenged, Miller sets out to restore his life - but soon finds that revenge comes at a price. Ackers, like a chess master calmly making his endgame move, lays out his payback plan: Miller must kill Ackers' ex-wife. Backed into a corner, with seemingly no other choice, Miller finds he can't follow through. He decides to turn the tables by double-crossing Ackers. In a final showdown, Ackers discovers that once a man is molded into a killer, that man will no longer be an easy victim.... Endgame is a taut, psychological thriller in the vein of Death Wish and, more recently, The Game. The innate violence of this genre, and its tragic consequences, seeks to clarify a much broader question: what is left of a person's soul when society's rules are ripped away?
4369 ::: Chasing the White Air (2013) ::: Blue and white at 1,000 frames a second. Chasing the White Air captures the emotion and adrenaline of the real-time, two seconds, in the air these extreme athletes seek. This feel-good 42 minute documentary truly takes the viewer on a visit to another world. Wyhldfisch Productions takes us to the action on the Australian snow with breathtaking visuals accompanied by local music choices. This documentary story tells itself, with only ten seconds of voiceover to set the scene. In a country famous for its beaches, the highest mountain in Australia, Mt Kosciusko, has a thriving snow culture, largely unknown to Northern Hemisphere snow lovers. We meet the international competitors at the One Hit Wonder and Mile High extreme ski and snowboard jump comps 'down under'. These snow athletes sail off 92 feet of jump, the biggest ever built in the Southern Hemisphere, travelling over 100 miles per hour, to display their aerobatics bearing names like ski jump 'triple cork' and snowboard course 'line to front double ten'.
4370 ::: Darling! The Pieter-Dirk Uys Story (2007) ::: Controversial South African political satirist Pieter-Dirk Uys allows writer/director Julian Shaw into his previously off-limits inner world. The result is a startling document of Pieter's work educating school children about their country's greatest threat, HIV/AIDS, and an unforgettable portrait of the power of individual will.
4371 ::: Family Troubles (1900/II) ::: Mrs. Smith can't make the stove burn. Bad draught. Crooked stovepipe. Little Lucy toasts her fingers, shivering and unhappy. Papa Smith comes in. Of course he can fix it! Tries. Tries again. It don't burn. Gets mad and kicks it over. Tableau.
4372 ::: Words of the Titanic (2012) ::: Readings from the diaries, accounts and letters of its passengers and crew tell the story of the Titanic, which sank 100 years ago today on its maiden voyage. The cast includes Richard E Grant, Roger Allam, Anna Madeley, James Wilby and Claudie Blakley, alongside relatives of those who were on board. Charles Dance narrates. The film features a cast including Richard E. Grant, James Wilby, Claudie Blakely, Roger Allam and Anna Madeley, plus direct descendants of some of the ships passengers who read the diary extracts, letters and memoirs of their grandparents and great-grandparents. Dramatic reconstruction and images of the time evoke the spirit of Titanic's fateful maiden voyage, which is brought poignantly to life in this powerful documentary.
4373 ::: Apollo Astronauts: Training NASA's Moon Men (2015) ::: In 1969, Neil Armstrong stepped onto the lunar surface and into the history books as the first of only twelve men to walk on the Moon. But in 1961 when Kennedy pledged to put a man on the Moon, NASA had barely put a man into orbit. They had less than 10 years to train a team of astronauts to overcome the unknown challenges of a mission to the Moon. What followed was a rigorous, intense training period that put America's first astronauts through their paces; testing their physical and mental strength, stamina, flying skills and bravery to ensure they were made of the right stuff. But Centrifuges, probing medical tests and jungle survival training was just the beginning, planting flags and footprints wasn't enough; the select few would not only need to pilot the complex spacecraft to and from the moon but also be skilled photographers, geologists and scientists. Featuring stunning NASA footage and expert interviews with Apollo space scientists, this inspirational film explores the early days of astronaut training, following those pioneering pilots from selection to the lunar surface and back again. This is the incredible story of how NASA trained America's best pilots to fly to the Moon, and take one giant leap for Mankind.
4374 ::: Bane Rises Fan Film (2013) ::: A fan film spin-off to The Dark Knight movies, with a great cast of actors playing icon villains such as Bane, Joker, Harley Quinn, Catwoman and Scarecrow with their own styles and looks similar from the Nolan trilogy! The storyline of this web series/film takes place after The Dark Knight. This is for WB in hopes for a green-light on Batman Villian Spin-off web series/film for internet or even more! Produced, Directed, Edit, Story & Written by Nicholas Smith
4375 ::: An Honourable Murder (1960) ::: Shakespeare's Julius Caesar is played in modern dress with Caesar as the chairman of a board of directors considering a merger with another company. The conspirators are his fellow directors and the people of Rome are the company's shareholders.
4376 ::: John Malkovich: Flipping Uncle Kimono (2005) ::: Actor/Designer John Malkovich summons a tv producer to Milan to document and participate in his unconventional fashion show. Rather then using regular models, Mr. Malkovich plans to have 20 Judo fighters beat each other up while wearing his designs. They will do this on a stage, in front of a live audience, with Mr. Malkovich directing all the action. He will also direct the 3 camera's of the Fashion Television crew as they film the event. The Hollywood star has 3 days to pull this unusual spectacle together. The tv crew follows Mr. Malkovich as he oversees fittings, tries to choreograph a group of Italian fighters, and drives to the factory where his clothes are manufactured . Along the way, we learn of his mother's agorophobia; that his children think he's a loser, and the voracious eating habits of his wife. This one hour 'documentary' also features Mr. Malkovich's thoughts on life as a celebrity; examples of his superior driving skills, and the ongoing mystery of the 'lost pants'. Told from the point of view of the bewildered Producer (Howard Brull/Fashion Television), we are never quite sure if this entire production is actually going to work, or end as an embarrassing failure. This is as close to Being WITH John Malkovich as most people will ever get. This is a Fashion Television/Mrs. Mudd production. (Mrs. Mudd is the name of John Malkovich's fashion company).
4377 ::: The Return (2014/II) ::: THE RETURN explores the unique reality of being Jewish in Poland today by following the intertwined lives of four young women who are representative of a generation of Poles who were raised Catholic only to discover they were Jewish in their teens. The film follows their struggle to create a living Jewish identity and community in a virtual vacuum - within the country that was once the epicenter of the Jewish world.
4378 ::: Aiyun Huang: Save Percussion Theater (2012) ::: Aiyun Huang's DVD, "Save Percussion Theater," is a video-recording of theater music for percussion dedicated to the pioneering work of the Parisian group "Trio Le Cercle," for whom many of these works written and by whom they have been championed. This recording, in essence a document of the complete percussion works from the French school of theater music, is an ambitious undertaking.
4379 ::: Holz Erde Fleisch (2016) ::: In his essayistic documentary Sigmund Steiner investigates the work, lives and generational relations of three Austrian farmers. Even though none of them are his father, each one of the film's protagonists reflects on one aspect of Steiner's complicated father-son relationship.
4380 ::: Sleepover (1995) ::: Six teens steal the family car and go out for a night on the town. Internal power dynamics soon make a night that they all will remember. "Recalls the early films of the French New Wave"--NY Times. "A remarkable evocation of coming of age."--L.A. Times.
4381 ::: Driving with Selvi (2015) ::: Selvi, like so many girls in India, is a child bride in a violent marriage. One day she escapes, and goes on to become South India's first female taxi driver. This is the ten-year journey of a charming, strong, and courageous young woman who defies all expectations, moving beyond the pain she's experienced to create a new life.
4382 ::: Au bout de ma rue (1958) ::: Docufiction racontant l'histoire charmante d'un gamin vivant dans le centre-sud de Montréal, qui profite d'un jour de congé pour prendre la poudre d'escampette. Il découvrira le bord de l'eau, l'horizon élargi du grand fleuve Saint-Laurent et l'activité fourmillante du port de Montréal. Le film nous montre un aspect souvent oublié de Montréal, tel qu'il était en 1958.
4383 ::: SideFX (2004) ::: Sex, drugs, and rock-and-roll will never be the same after a medieval sex drug makes a comeback on the college party scene. Everyone wants to try this "orgasm" drug but no one considers the side effects. This drug took its first victims in 1646. The church soon discovered that the blood-drained corpses found around the countryside were due to strigol, an elixir that made select victims thirst for blood. The drug wears off in hours, but while under its influence average men turn into animals. The church destroyed much of the strigol, or the vampire, but not all. And now, it's back. It's October 2004, and some college students are throwing a party at an abandoned farm to introduce their latest discovery, AYCE, a drug they promise is like nothing else. The one person who knows the side effects arrives too late. The bash becomes a bloodbath, and for the next few hours no one knows who will become the next victim or the next vampire.
4384 ::: "L.A. Hair" (2012) ::: Follows celebrity hair stylist Kim Kimble, as she coifs Hollywood A-listers. When it comes to celebrity hair, Kim is one of the biggest names in Hollywood. From movies to music, Kim is an image maker and a trendsetter. Beyonce, Mary J. Blige, Kelly Rowland and Shakira are just a handful of A-listers who keep Kim's number on speed dial so she can whip up their custom styles and images for glamorous events. While handling her star-studded clientčle is a full time job, this elite style queen also manages a successful retail product line and runs an exclusive Hollywood salon staffed with talented but high-strung stylists, including her mother! Rivalry is fierce and the desire to be on top is even fiercer. Hair isn't the only thing in this salon that gets cut.
4385 ::: SANTO 7.13.15 (????) ::: SANTO 7.13.15 is a story that shows our future in 2045 when over population has reached critical levels and food supply can't keep up with demand. Poverty and hunger have become pandemic. Global biotech food giant SANTO has created strains of super food to feed the masses causing autoimmune disorders, food intolerance, and sterility in the process. Their new cure has proved even worse than the diseases they created: Santo lobbied and was given the right to make genetic enhancements to humans so they could again eat and survive on their created super foods. In that legislation, it also gave them the rights to own any human's DNA and body that was modified. For those modified that were less then perfect, Santo had the right to recall. We follow Max, a working class family man who convinced his wife to allow Santo to genetically modify her so that they can overcome their infertility problems. When their daughter is born disabled, however, Santo recalls her and sends her to Deconstruction Camp. His wife disowns him. His daughter is dead. He is alone. Now he must save the life of another child that has been recalled if he is to expose the inequities and injustices of Santo to the world.
4386 ::: The Minerva Awards 2007: Eunice Kennedy Shriver (2007) ::: Documentary short featuring Eunice Kennedy Shriver, recipient of a 2007 Minerva Award. Created by California First Lady Maria Shriver in 2004, The Minerva Awards have become the country's most prestigious awards given to women "who serve on the front-lines of humanity," celebrating their extraordinary legacies of service and contributions to California, the nation and the world.
4387 ::: Volatile Works Does Coney Island (2006) ::: Hurry hurry step this way! The Montréal-based film collective Volatile Works pillages the public domain Prelinger archives, sampling and remixing archival footage from the heyday of Coney Island. Six remixes create a cinematic funhouse mirror of carnival themes and collective memories, from the freaks, dancing girls and beauty queens that define us all, to the playfulness and poignancy of amusement park nostalgia. A taste of the marvelous freaks you'll see for the price of a small thin dime! If you hurry, hurry, hurry!
4388 ::: Chernobyl: Footprints of Disaster (2012) ::: Four Swedish students fly to Ukraine to visit one of the greatest disaster sites in modern human history, Chernobyl. They trek into a zone which has been irradiated for 25 years and will still be 100 000 years from now. It is possibly greatest landmark our society will place in human history, and it is not a pretty one. Or is it? The Chernobyl exclusion zone has been left relatively untouched by human hands for a quarter of a century, which has left wildlife thriving. Former urban centers are now completely abandoned and only the ghosts of the former inhabitants who perished here walk the streets. Let us take you on a trip through the Chernobyl zone and show you what the zone nowadays is like.
4389 ::: The Kungfu Master (2012) ::: When kungfu master, hero of the movie save a girl from dirty intention of minister's son & his crew, and fall-in-love with her. Then Minister's son hires some martial artist in order to kidnapp her but thing goes extremely wrong and girls grandpa, girl, kungfu masters brother and himself ministers son has been accidentally killed. Now kungfu war begins between truth & lies, good & evil, minister and kungfu legendary.
4390 ::: Gunnar Goes Comfortable (2003) ::: Plagued by depression, diabetes and alcoholism, and always searching for greater meaning-any meaning, Gunnar Hall Jensen travels to the spiritual promised land of many soul searches-India. It is there that he hits rock bottom, yet he soon emerges from the darkness with a new outlook on life.
4391 ::: First Kill (2012) ::: An Elite Task Force Team take on some of the Worlds Most Dangerous Terrorists A wave of kidnappings has swept through Mexico, feeding a growing sense of panic among its wealthier citizens, especially parents. In one six-day period, there were twenty-four abductions, leading many to hire bodyguards for their children. Into this world enters John Mccarthy, a burned-out top ex-fbi agent who was betrayed by his agency who worked as an operative/assassin who has given up on life after his wife was Murder is forced back into action to lead the team.
4392 ::: Blue Jay (2016/I) ::: Beginning - At first they seem very, awkward and of course they have nothing to say to each other, it's been years. They go out to get some coffee and they bond for a while, you start to see their friendship, Amanda seems reserved whilst Jim seems more forward and more talkative. It just happens that they both left their hometown, sort of symbolizes their fear of having to confront their past for years to come. But they both come back and happen to run into each other, just coincidental.
4393 ::: Bobby en de Geestenjagers (2013) ::: 13 year old Sanne (Hanna Obbeek) loves stories about ghosts and other mysterious things. Her father Lucas, is a famous ghost hunter. During a holiday Lucas is asked to chase ghosts of the former cruise ship 'Rotterdam'. Sanne is very happy to hear she and her little brother Thomas can come along. On the ship she meets ghost Bobby (Nils Verkooijen), a boy of her age, who has been wandering the ship since the sixties. Sanne decides to help Bobby...
4394 ::: "Storyland" (2009) ::: A comedy drama set in present day Kilkenny about a fragmented group of old school friends awkwardly trying to find their feet in life. The 20 minute pilot episode tells the story of Bronagh, who discovers she's pregnant on the same day her ex-boyfriend Dave goes missing after a drunken night out. When none of his friends can find him, Bronagh reluctantly goes on a trek throughout the city to find out where he's gone.
4395 ::: O casa Aparte (2008) ::: Sibiu/Romania, one of the richest cities in Romania, has been chosen to be the European Capital of Culture 2007. The entire city has become a construction site. Right in the middle of all this is 70-year-old Ioan Drasovean, an old man trying to keep up with the drastic changes in his country. He lives in a small flat in a run-down house, a strong contrast to the magnificent renovations all over the city centre. We follow Ioan in his everyday life: at home or sitting on a bench in the park; in serious discussions with his friend Ilie or others; discussing Putin, Castro and mobile phone charges; and an old vacuum cleaner that needs to be fixed. This is a film about everyday-life in Romania, its problems and its hopes. And about how communism gave up because it was clever.
4396 ::: Between Worlds (2016) ::: Bina (46), a religious woman from Jerusalem, arrives panic-stricken at the hospital after her son Oliel (25) was severely injured in a stabbing attack. This is the first time she sees him since he became secular and lost contact with his family. Her husband, Meir (50), comes later only after their daughter Ester's (28) insists he does. At the hospital, Bina meets Amal (24). While Meir searches for answers to revive Oliel, the two despondent women bond with one another. However, Amal hides a secret from Bina and Meir. While waiting for Oliel's revival, they will learn about truth, faith, understanding, acceptance, and love that can and maybe should replace fear of the unknown. Oliel lies severely injured and unconscious in hospital after a terror attack in Jerusalem. A beautiful girl apparently there to attend to her dying father, bonds with Oliel's mother, Bina. Two women, both hiding a secret, while waiting and hoping will learn about truth, faith, understanding and acceptance
4397 ::: Sou Filha de Babá (2013) ::: A story of love and friendship between a child and her nanny, results in exciting reunion of two lives that although separated, never go apart. The narrative begins in the 1980's when Fernanda is twenty-three, and back to the 1970's, when she begins her relationship with the nanny Maria. From there, a parallel is drawn between two decades, full of humor and emotion.
4398 ::: Mein blindes Herz (2013) ::: After Kurt (27), who suffers from the rare Marfan syndrome and is almost blind, has killed his clinging mother, he goes on a journey where the boundaries between perpetrator and victim are blurred. Haunted by her calls, Kurt leaves the clients and nurses of a care home distressed. In the streets Kurt meets Conny, a 13-year-old runaway from a broken home. She readily participates in Kurt's protest against his body, not knowing what moves him or into which abyss his journey is leading. How much guilt can one individual endure?
4399 ::: Majstor i Sampita (1986) ::: A young reporter girl nicknamed Cream Pie writes an article on money-making in small businesses. She meets a married shoemaker who falls for her and steals his wife's money for their love nest, but Cream Pie discovers it by accident and takes it to the newspapers' office. Shoemaker's wife interferes into this whole confusion and the whole fuss resolves at a hospital.
4400 ::: "How to Live Without Experience" (2015) ::: How to Live Without Experience, a self proclaimed "sit-sketch-web-com" follows Allison and Leigh as lifelong friends who grew up in a traveling circus - but had no talents...none at all. The outcasts of their families, the two aimless girls decide to branch off and pursue careers as totally average, working class citizens. They end up in LA, doing the opposite of everyone else...trying to blend in. They find that getting "normal" jobs is harder than they thought (because all the unemployed actors have taken them) and meeting "normal" people is even harder. Sometimes you leave one kind of circus...and fall into another.
4401 ::: Heart Street (2017) ::: "heart street (2017)" is a single channel poetry film consisting of minimal abstract shots of concrete and asphalt ground in black and white, accompanied by delicately composed sound. During this time while I have been growing as a young artist, my inspiration for this project came from observing cracked and repaired pathways as if they were human hearts that were wounded and healed. I hope that viewers can have their own relationships and interpretations with this piece.
4402 ::: Silna voda (1975) ::: This is a problem-oriented social film. The action takes place in a small town on the Danube, which is suffering from a shortage of drinking water. Drilling has begun in the hope of discovering 'strong water'. However, water has not and will not be found. Both the drillers and the citizens are aware of this and the chairman of the city council, who refuses to undertake the purifying of the river water, will not accept it. However, his sweeping fatherly gestures conceal a mere patriarchal willfulness. In fact, his actions encourage the drilling crew to cheat. With pretending to work, they are idling their time away. This lasts until one fine day the drill operator Chiko gets fed up and lets the cat out of the bag. Now he is pitted against his calculating foreman Miro and shifty Flory. Chiko not only stops playing the unfair game, but also requires his fellow workers to do the same. He succeeds because of his unflinching belief in honestly. Along with 'Men Without Work', the film is director Ivan Terziev's contribution to the advancement of the contemporary theme during the 1970th in Bulgarian cinema.
4403 ::: Crazy. Period. (2016) ::: "Crazy. Period." examines the widely accepted notion that pre-menstrual syndrome, commonly called PMS, causes every woman gross emotional instability. Through conversations with women and girls from around the world, we dig into the impact of this belief and ask the question: "How do you PMS?"
4404 ::: Morgen (2010) ::: An turkish immigrant tries to cross the Romanian Hungarian Border on his way to Germany and has only 500 Deutschmark for this ... An romanian local needs 500 Deutschmark to fix his roof ... A beginning of a beautifull friendship and a true introspective of local mentalities ...
4405 ::: Is Anybody There? (2008) ::: Set in 1980s seaside England, this is the story of Edward, an unusual ten year old boy growing up in an old people's home run by his parents. Whilst his mother struggles to keep the family business afloat, and his father copes with the onset of mid-life crisis, Edward is busy tape-recording the elderly residents to try and discover what happens when they die. Increasingly obsessed with ghosts and the afterlife, Edward's is a rather lonely existence until he meets Clarence, the latest recruit to the home, a retired magician with a liberating streak of anarchy. Is Anybody There? tells the story of this odd couple - a boy and an old man - facing life together, with Edward learning to live in the moment and Clarence coming to terms with the past.
4406 ::: The Story of Chaim Rumkowski and the Jews of Lodz (1982) ::: n order to facilitate the destruction of Poland's three million Jews, the Nazis forced them to establish Jewish Councils responsible for administration of the Polish ghettos. Through the use of terror, manipulation and humiliation, the Germans forced the Jews to perform duties that would have otherwise necessitated large numbers of German personnel. Chaim Rumkowski, appointed by the Nazis as the Chairman of the Lodz Jewish Council, was responsible for establishing a vast bureaucracy that administered all social services within the ghetto. Rumkowski also attempted to turn the Lodz ghetto into an industrial center that would become indispensable to the German war effort, thus enabling the Jews of Lodz to survive the war. Unaware of Hitler's determination to realize his "final solution," Rumkowski's strategy for survival was doomed to failure. Utilizing hundreds of photographs taken by Jewish Council photographers and other ghetto inhabitants, the film depicts the activities of the Jewish Council, the conditions of daily life for ghetto inhabitants, Rumkowski's relationship to the Nazis, the gradual disintegration of the ghetto, and final deportation to the death camps.
4407 ::: "City of Last Resort" (2017) ::: A city dependent on the system has to survive without it. Residents in the town of Tubman City are caught unprepared for what follows when a terrorist attack across the US leaves the country without a government, infrastructure , and protection. It's said that we are all nine meals away from anarchy. What will residents of Tubman City do when faced with that reality?
4408 ::: Buddenbrooks - 1. Teil (1959) ::: First part of the saga of a wealthy German family in the middle of the 19th century, based on the novel by Thomas Mann. Jean Buddenbrook is the strict and ambitious leader of the family and the head of the family business. He forces daughter Antonie into a marriage with a man she does not love, and when son Christian, an irresponsible playboy and womanizer, falls for the wrong kind of woman, he sends him abroad to England. Son Thomas is the only one of the children who has any interest in the family business, and when Jean dies unexpectedly, he takes over and extends the business, making his brother Christian, now back from England, a partner. Before long the brothers have a falling out. Antonie's marriage is on the rocks, her husband is in financial trouble, and Thomas refuses to help him.
4409 ::: Le seuil (2016) ::: Fred, a young homeless man, settles on a bench in a Parisian square. He is going to be the privileged witness of a strange event : in the house opposite the square, a singular parade takes place, bringing an endless succession of visitors to pay a mortuary visit to the deceased, who is obviously there. Reality or hallucination : Fred's faltering world is going to the dark side.
4410 ::: Supermodels in Big Trouble (2010) ::: Five lovely ladies struggle in bondage in four separate scenarios. A foxy blonde discovers that revenge is sour when the woman she abducted, bound and gagged turns the tables on her captor when she falls asleep. In the next tale, two crooks turn on their pretty partner and cut her out of the profits, leaving her tied to a chair, helpless, topless and securely muzzled. In the third yarn another pretty blonde is lashed securely to a work bench and bound progressively tighter. In the final story a petite Latina babe is overpowered, stripped and securely bound by a woman who craves nothing less than to fondle her helpless captive.
4411 ::: A Game of Trust (2000) ::: What starts out as consensual love bondage turns nasty when Talia takes advantage of Carolyn's trust and leaves her stringently bound and gagged. By frantic wriggling Carolyn manages to escape and soon the surprised Talia is tied and muzzled even more tightly, for a much longer period of time.
4412 ::: "The J Report" (2009) ::: Actress Debra Messing offers a humorous look at her Jewish identify. Then, the Pew Forum offers an extensive look at how Jewish Israelis identify themselves. And discover the providence of the Sobibor Pendant - a teenage girl from Frankfurt named Karoline Cohn.
4413 ::: Five Thirteen (2013) ::: In this tension-packed thriller, brothers Mike and Tre set out in search of better lives, trying to leave their demons behind for good. After being released from prison for a crime he didn't commit, Mike's only care in the world is to protect his young daughter from an unforgiving ex. But the justice that awaits him on the streets is far worse than anything Mike had experienced in prison. His older brother Tre begrudgingly agrees to one last "delivery", attempting to free Mike and his new girlfriend from the grips of the criminal underworld. What transpires is a wild misadventure where multiple lives unknowingly intersect, and where decisions are made that will haunt everyone forever.
4414 ::: Zou qi! (2012) ::: In 1905, a Christian British missionary from Yunnan province, Reverend Samuel PollardZhaotong, is invited by a branch of Miao minority to perform missionary work in Shimenkan,a village in Weining county, Guizhou province. He helps the locals build churches, school sand small clinics under difficult conditions. Years later, Shimenkan becomes a cultural center and the education and missionary programs leads by Pollard priest starts to radiate its influence on surrounding areas in Wumeng mountains as well as three neighboring provinces in southeastern China. These programs have fostered thousands of children from Miao, Yi and other minorities, making Shimenkan a "cultural mecca - the region with the highest literacy level in southeastern Miao minority". More than a hundred years later, in2012, three young men starts their journey to the Wumeng mountains in their own ways to discover and explore a new experience of the world.
4415 ::: Det sista äventyret (1974) ::: An officers kadett is dismissed because of his strange behavior. At work he is considered deranged. At home he is dominated by his mother and fiancee. He manages to get a temporary job as a biology teacher, leave home and rent a room. He begins to flirt with a student.
4416 ::: The Neon Man and Me (2008) ::: It's 1989 and the deep south is buzzing with the hint of the Persian Gulf War. Two eccentric jazz musicians meet - one a Jewish piano player named Slash Coleman and the other a Pentecostal saxophonist named Mark Jamison. Fueled by a series of mysterious prophesies, a stash of dehydrated diet food and bonding over the unique rituals of music and their perspective religions, the two young musicians take a musical tour of the south and become fast friends. Slowly overwhelmed by the limitations of the south and haunted by his mother's tales of the Holocaust , Coleman embarks on a lone artistic journey. From a fisherman in Alaska to a massage therapist in Oregon to an artist in Maine, his globe trotting will take him through 134 day jobs, 117 apartments and 68 failed relationships in 8 different states in 2 different countries. All the while, Jamison, turning his creative energies toward neon, will remain his best friend in Virginia - his North Star back home. Nearly twenty years later, with their marriages turned toward divorce, the friends turn toward a collaboration that will bring Coleman back home when the unthinkable happens. Jamison is electrocuted in a freak accident, leaving Coleman more lost than ever. Looking for a sense of direction, Coleman returns home and learns the girl Jamison loved is pregnant with his child. In his effort to create a care package for Jamison's son, Coleman creates, "The Neon Man and Me" - eight monologues about friendship told by 25 characters, and an original score that Coleman plays on his guitar.
4417 ::: The Aeolians: From Russia with Love (2012) ::: The Aeolians of Oakwood University was originally organized in 1946 by the late Dr Eva B. Dykes. SInce then, the Choir has traveled widely, touching the hearts of many with their inspirational singing. This DVD is the first documentary in the history of the world renowned Aeolicans featuring their historic visit to Moscow Russia. In this 2 1/2 hour documentary you will experience some of the sites, sounds and sensations of the entire trip, from concept to reality, sit back and ENJOY!.
4418 ::: Sea Monsters: Search for the Giant Squid (1998) ::: The giant squid (genus Architeuthis) seems like a creature from mythology--the world's largest invertebrate (up to 60 feet long), the largest eyes in the animal kingdom, a highly developed brain, a voracious predator. In works of fiction, they are a ferocious enemy of man. But the giant squid is real. Yet all we know about them comes from carcasses washed up on shore or caught in fishermen's nets; Architeuthis has never been seen alive. This documentary looks at the scientific efforts to find a live specimen in nature, focusing on Dr. Clyde Roper's project to attach a "Crittercam" camera to a sperm whale (which feeds on giant squid) in hopes that the whale will lead us to the elusive deep-sea giant squid.
4419 ::: Still Screaming: Bonus Features (2013) ::: CONTENTS: SCREAM Extended Interviews / SCREAM 2 Extended Interviews / SCREAM 3 Extended Interviews / Wes Craven SCREAM Trilogy Interview / Neve Campbell SCREAM Trilogy Interview / Roger Jackson SCREAM Trilogy Interview / The Men Behind the Mask / Wes Craven at TimesTalk / Screen-Used Movie Props Tour with Collector Nate Ragon / Series Merchandise Tour with Collector Anthony Torres / Hyaena Gallery SCREAM 4 Memorabilia Display.
4420 ::: Birdlady (2008) ::: A window into the life of the late Anne Ross, a longtime resident of Parkdale (Toronto, Canada) and an avid feeder of the lowly street pigeons. It is a tale of loneliness and aging and an account of one of the city's most beloved and unique characters.
4421 ::: Of Journey, Home and Treasure (2008) ::: South African filmmakers, Feizel Mamdoo and Dumisani Dlamini, journey to the "Festival of the Dhow Countries" in Zanzibar to seek from this kaleidoscope of cultures a vision for the relations between African and Indian in South Africa. Dlamini is of African and Indian Tamil progeny whose personal accommodation of this is unsettled by existing social and cultural divides. Mamdoo, of Muslim Indian descent, is painfully conscious too of the divides between African and Indian South Africans as he strives for recognition and definition of his African identity. However the filmmakers' issues of identity transcend in discovery to realms unimagined when the film was first shot eight years ago. In Zanzibar Feizel is jolted into connection with his birthplace and grows to appreciate that the treasure of an integrated identity is not in some distant future, but back from where he comes. Feizel discovers his issues of journey, homecoming and identity to resonate profoundly with the outlook of the Sufi mystic Rumi, more especially after Dumisani is one day found dead.
4422 ::: Bai tuan da zhan (2015) ::: The Japanese has invaded far into china, defeating the Kuomintang (KMT) soldiers many times and pushing them back into Central China. There was a general sentiment among anti-Japanese resistance forces that the Communist Party of China (CCP) was not contributing enough to the war, and that they were only interested in expanding their power. As a result, the CCP planned a major offensive against the Japanese, consisting of 105 regiments, called the Hundred Regiments Offensive
4423 ::: Pera Güzeli (2010) ::: Pera Guzeli (Eng: Pera Beauty) is a documentary inspired by the story of two women; Laterna and Nilufer Saltik. Laterna is a coy lady bearing beautiful lady pictures on her 'balcony', and Nilufer who bonded with Laterna seamlessly after hearing her voice had devoted herself to take Laterna back to her homeland that once she had to leave forcibly. This film documents the resurrection and reintroduction of the Laterna, a mechanical barrel piano that was once a common sight in Istanbul. Even though the Laterna was born in Europe, it had its golden age in Istanbul between 1850 and 1950, becoming an indispensable element at the celebrations of the Greek's city. With the advent of the gramophone and radio, the popularity of this fascinating instrument waned, and as the last craftsmen died, it seemed destined to disappear forever. After half a century, Nilufer Saltik reaches the Greek piano maker Panos Ioannidis and convinces him to build the first new laterna. The name of this new Laterna is "Pera Beauty". Through a series of street performances and recordings, the Laterna has now been given a new lease on life.
4424 ::: Everybody's Sweetheart (1920) ::: When the benign headmistress of the county poor farm is discharged and replaced with a tyrant, John and Mary, two orphans who have lived there since infancy, decide to run away. Accompanied by a feeble old corporal from the farm, they are forced to seek refuge at the home of General Phillip Bingham when the old soldier becomes ill. After the corporal's death, the general promises to care for the two waifs. Mary becomes his protegee, and John his gardener. Friction develops between the two newcomers and Willing and his wife Jessica, a couple living with the general who hope to inherit his wealth, until one day the general notices a close resemblance between a portrait of his deceased son and John. It is discovered then that John is actually the general's grandson. Thus legitimized, John weds Mary, and the general is pleased with his newly acquired family.
4425 ::: Park za tantzuvashti mechki (2005) ::: Bulgaria is the last country in Europe where not long ago, dancing bears could be spotted in the streets, led of chains by bear-keeping gypsies. Under pressure from environmental organizations this practice was banned. With generous financial help from Western foundations, the world's largest and most sophisticated Dancing Bear Park was built near the small mountain town of Belitza, and the surviving animals were resettled there. The film tells the story of the bears and of the people - the former bear-keeper who have been left without their livelihood, and the local impoverished population, who say with envy: 'In Belitza life is better for the bears! '
4426 ::: Fire from Below (2009) ::: Digging at a nearby cave, a careless industrialist unearths a vein of pure base Lithium and inadvertently brings it to the surface, where the Lithium combusts when coming into contact with water and begins to wreak havoc on the country side.
4427 ::: Medená hora (2015) ::: Copper Mountain documents the frantic efforts of an international archeology team, led by the French archaeological organization Délégation archéologique française en Afghanistan (DAFA), to rescue thousands of artifacts from a copper mine in Mes Aynak, Afghanistan, before everything is destroyed.
4428 ::: Before Last Night (2004) ::: Roller coaster ride into the dark depths of true life on the city streets. Eli is in need of some quick cash. At Shawn's urging and in desperate need, he takes a job as a delivery boy for the Boss. On his first night out Eli is drugged by Tyler and Eddie and loses the delivery. Now he finds himself on the run from Tyler and Eddie, the Boss, and even the cops, as he tries to track down the package before he gets caught.
4429 ::: I dashur armik (2004) ::: Albania 1943: After the Italian surrender, the Germans occupy the country, so the peoples' situation becomes more and more chaotic. Harun Bonata, a clever trader with a big heart, hides three fugitives in his cellar: the partisan Quazim, the Jewish watchmaker Hoakin and the Italian soldier Giulio. Nevertheless, he makes a good deal with the German officer Franz...
4430 ::: "My Faith" (2011) ::: Bob Dylan once said "You must serve somebody. It could be G-d or the devil, but you must serve somebody." In a world that is progressing simultaneously on two parallel extremes: materialism and technology versus spirituality and religion, the documentary "MY FAITH" tries to shed new light on the essential values of our lives as tiny human beings in this complex infinite universe. You only need to open your eyes, to listen, to feel what's going on around you and then begin to search. In the multi parts of this successful innovative documentary series, the topics explored are Faith - Prayer - Redemption. Faith in the supreme force - can humankind live without it, or is it a basic and essential part of life? In what does humankind have to believe and why? And where do you find it? Each character is living in a different location in their individual bubble of faith, who allow us a brief look into their mystical world of spiritual experiences. The main characters represent various approaches and different streams in Judaism, New Age and science, and try to clearly explain in a direct and intimate way their thoughts. The different places around the world and in Israel from where our main characters originate, are no less a factor than their various schools of thought. From the Himalayas to Mount Miron in the Galil, from Australia to Old Jerusalem, from the Zanzibar Islands to the beaches of Tel Aviv and beyond, our characters are all searching for answers to the "question of questions". The style is hype & full of original world music, taking the viewer on an eventful journey in search of spiritually and beyond... Bob Dylan once said "You must serve somebody. It could be G-d or the devil, but you must serve somebody." In a world that is progressing simultaneously on two parallel extremes: materialism and technology versus spirituality and religion, the documentary "MY FAITH" tries to shed new light on the essential values of our lives as tiny human beings in this complex infinite universe. You only need to open your eyes, to listen, to feel what's going on around you and then begin to search. In the multi parts of this successful innovative documentary series, the topics explored are Faith - Prayer - Redemption. Faith in the supreme force - can humankind live without it, or is it a basic and essential part of life? In what does humankind have to believe and why? And where do you find it? Each character is living in a different location in their individual bubble of faith, who allow us a brief look into their mystical world of spiritual experiences. The main characters represent various approaches and different streams in Judaism, New Age and science, and try to clearly explain in a direct and intimate way their thoughts. The different places around the world and in Israel from where our main characters originate, are no less a factor than their various schools of thought. From the Himalayas to Mount Miron in the Galil, from Australia to Old Jerusalem, from the Zanzibar Islands to the beaches of Tel Aviv and beyond, our characters are all searching for answers to the "question of questions". The style is hype & full of original world music, taking the viewer on an eventful journey in search of spiritually and beyond... In a world polarized between materialism and spirituality, the multi parts successful documentary "MY FAITH" sheds new light on human values. Believe ,prayer ,redemption and more abstract and mystically topics coming alive by characters from around the world, representing different approaches to Judaism, New Age and science, who clearly and intimately introduce us to their concepts of the subject which is close to their hearts and their seeking to understand who we are and where we are going to?
4431 ::: Plushies & Furries (2001) ::: If dressing up as an animal and getting off with a friend is your thing, you're not alone. You're a Furry and there are 20,000 of you that get together on the internet through chat rooms, and at several conferences across the country. This film explores that phenomena.
4432 ::: Piring (2015) ::: James is a gym instructor by day and a student by night, who struggles to keep both ends meet. Standing as the family bread winner, he is determined to make a difference in his troubled family. He and his three siblings grew up without knowing who their father is, while their mother is a retired prostitute who runs a whore house. James works hard to graduate.
4433 ::: Wahrheit (2018) ::: Wahrheit' opens amidst the fallout of a firefight in a small riverside town in Heidelberg, Germany (1944). A U.S. soldier (Adam) is fatally wounded and collapses into an abandoned house trying to find safety. Later that day; Adam wakes up to find James, a fellow ally soldier hiding out in the house, helping nurse him to health. Outside German forces having taken hold of the town and captured the survivors from Adam's squadron as POW's.
4434 ::: A Dirndl, a Poodle, a Trauma (2006) ::: A Dirndl, A Poodle - A Trauma is a docu-drama revenge story. Based on footage from the family Super8 archive (filmed by the director's uncle in the 70's), the film deals with a childhood trauma involving the family poodle. An incident that must be repaired with a little aversion therapy and a big showdown.
4435 ::: Tornado (1943) ::: Pete Ramsey (Morris) is a hard-working coal miner who falls in love with and marries scheming showgirl Victory Kane (Kelly). Victory presses Pete to fight for the position of the mine superintendent, which he earns. Unable to bear her poor surroundigns and unsatisfied with being a miners wife, Victory decides to climb the social ladder and have an affair with the wealthy owner of the mine, Gary Linden (Conway), unbeknownst to her faithful husband. Suddenly, a ferocious tornado forms and hits the town and the mine, putting everyone's life in danger. For its time, the film has impressive visual effects for the tornado sequence.
4436 ::: Bury Me Again (2012) ::: Every few billion years or so the Universe decides to even up the odds with one of its Big Bang Blue Light Specials. This time the spill is on Isle Earth. The time space continuum is taking a well deserved vacation and the Universe has singled out a few individuals for their outstanding contributions to... well, absolutely nothing. Let the mayhem begin.
4437 ::: "Pointless" (2009) ::: Series 12: Episode 24 Quiz in which contestants try to score as few points as possible by plumbing the depths of their general knowledge to come up with the answers no-one else can think of. Presented by Alexander Armstrong and Richard Osman.
4438 ::: Die Schauspielerin (1988) ::: The film is set in the 1930s in Germany. Maria Rheine and Mark Löwenthal, two young actors working in a small theater, are in love with each other. Their love affair is interrupted by Nazi racial policies; Mark is no longer allowed to perform in German theaters because he is a Jew. In order to continue acting, he joins the newly formed Jewish Theater in Berlin. Maria, who is not Jewish, faces no restrictions on her career, and she becomes a successful actress at a big theater in Munich. But her love for Mark eventually leads her to decide to sacrifice both career and security to remain close to him. She fakes a suicide, assumes a Jewish identity and, as Manja Löwenthal, joins the Jewish Theater
4439 ::: Blood's a Rover (????) ::: Set during the troubled times of the late 1960s and early '70s, the novel tells the story of Joan Rosen Klein who, against all odds, triumphs against her mobbed-up and politically connected foes to avenge her lost loved ones. In the process, she alters the course of history as well as the lives of the three men who follow her. Their lives collide in pursuit of the "Red Goddess" Joan - and each of them pay a price to live history. Set in the aftermath of the assassinations of MLK & RFK and on the eave of the 1968 Presidential election, ultra right-wing elements of American intelligence plus rogue right-wing elements of big-business,and political and law and order communities attempt to further undermine the ground gained by the political left by engaging in an organised and co-ordinated campaign to discredit the anti-Vietnam war and pro civil rights/black militant movement. Against a backdrop of an increasingly legitimate "peace, love and understanding" shift in the general political landscape, they coerce a reluctant and cynical Joan Klein, a long-term fellow traveller, to use her kudos to help them achieve their goals from within the "enemies" midst. Writer, Ellroy (again) cleverly creates fictionalised versions of the eras power elite whilst creating a slew of characters whose motivations are as unclear and as troubled by their concious. Again, Ellroy makes us sit up and think about the price of "freedom" from within the underbelly of one of America's most troubled times by ignoring the black and white and immersing us in the grey.
4440 ::: Transcend (2014/II) ::: Long-distance running allowed Wesley Korir to escape the grinding poverty of Kenya. But after winning multiple American marathons, including taking running's most cherished prize - the Boston Marathon, he risks it all and returns home to help his fellow Kenyans create better lives for themselves. In what promises to be the most challenging race of his career, Wesley takes on a well-financed, big-party candidate to run for a seat in Kenyan parliament. attempting to balance the frenzy of campaigning with the demands of marathon training.
4441 ::: Mystery Woman: In the Shadows (2007) ::: While searching for a KGB double agent who was about to be exposed by another Russian spy-turned-successful author, mystery bookstore owner Samantha Kinsey and her secretive friend and store manager, Philby are thrust into the murderous world of international espionage.
4442 ::: "Rishtay" (2007) ::: family soap is based on human emotions and love and hate relationship. A beautiful and sensitive girl Sidra is a chairperson of her father's advertising company. Sidra likes the writer and director of her company 'Arman' but could not express her love. Sheela is another character, who also likes 'Arman'. The serial narrates the jealousy, conspiracy and intrigue in the family. It also highlights the good values like love, sincerity and commitment. It is a well defined story and sub- plots are in line with the main plot.
4443 ::: Shadow Casting: The Making of 'A River Runs Through It' (1992) ::: This made-for-video documentary treats drama fans to a behind-the-scenes look at the making of A River Runs Through It, about two brothers from Montana who seek out different paths for their futures, but still share their love of fly fishing. Features interviews with the cast and crew of the film who share their experiences from working on the project, as well as discuss the special efforts that went into bringing it all together.
4444 ::: Hey, Abbott! (1978) ::: Milton Berle introduces a series of very well-chosen excerpts from "The Abbott and Costello Show", not their movies. Many of the best burlesque-type comedy skits performed are featured in their entirety like "Slowly I Turn", "Herd of Cows", "Floogle Street" and "Who's On First".
4445 ::: The Divine Feminine (????) ::: With an inner world as vivid as her outer reality, a highly intuitive woman struggles to navigate them both, reclaim her lost love and fulfil her revolutionary destiny. After a profound transformation erases her identity and replaces it with a higher consciousness, Linda is determined to fulfil the mission she's been chosen for. Obeying her forceful inner directive, she steers her life accordingly and develops supernatural abilities. But self-doubt, opposition, painful trials and the loss of her one true love threaten her spirit to the point where she wonders what is real. On a trip to Peru her faith and courage are restored when the gods gift her an ancient engraved stone. Once decoded, it reveals a message for all of humanity, so astounding and controversial that she guards it in secret until the long-awaited day for its revelation arrives. Based on true events.
4446 ::: "Pointman" (1995) ::: Connie Harper is living the good life as the owner of Spanish Pete's, a beach resort. Occasionally his services as bodyguard are called upon by people who have nowhere else to turn. Financial investor Constance 'Connie' Harper (Jack Scalia) is framed, and subsequently convicted of fraud. While imprisoned, he decides to turn his life around for the better. He is later exonerated and upon leaving, is given a list of people who can help him - and who he should help if asked. Setting up Spanish Pete's, a beach resort on the Florida coast, he helps others during his "spare time", occasionally as a bodyguard. The list's contacts and his old prison buddies frequently come in handy.
4447 ::: Last Ring (1979) ::: Eros era l'unico sopravvissuto sulla Terra, o, almeno, era quello che pensava. Una guerra atomica aveva distrutto il genere umano. Viveva all'ultimo piano di un grattacielo al centro della Capitale e si nutriva con il cibo trovato negli altri appartamenti del palazzo. Trascorreva le giornate in casa, avendo paura di dover fronteggiare una situazione forse troppo drammatica per lui. Era disperato ed un giorno decide di farla finita: non riusciva a resistere alla solitudine, allo sconforto ed al ricordo della vita passata, a cui spesso tornava con la mente. Salito sulla terrazza del grattacielo si butta di sotto, ma, cadendo...sente squillare un telefono!
4448 ::: Turning the Tables (1919) ::: Doris Pennington is committed to an insane asylum by her aunt, who hopes to take over Doris's fortune. Upon arrival at the asylum, however, Doris convinces the staff that the nurse who accompanies her is actually the patient and she the nurse.
4449 ::: Simple Little Lives (????) ::: It is the night of the harvest moon and an all night celebration around a campfire. The young guests start arriving at sunset and begin binge drinking at once. Abe's cousin, Hank, a stud, a rebel without a cause, arrives with his hot blonde girlfriend, a bottle of moonshine, a gun and a prescription bottle of oxy. Although, Abe and Hank were brought up as brothers, they have grown to mistrust each other. When Abe arrives with a sleek looking New York City Hipster/musician type, named Carter, son of a wall street shark who is despised and hated by the locals, it sets the stage for conflict and revenge that will change the lives involved forever. simmering tensions within the group and ignite an age-old feud.
4450 ::: Phuchai Lalla (2010) ::: Three married guys are always out every night with women who are not their wives. They come up with ingenious ways of not getting caught so they think that their wives know nothing about their night-time activities. However, they do and the wives have teamed up to wreak some revenge.
4451 ::: Coma (2014/I) ::: London ... Azra is newly arrived from Lebanon and is finding her feet in a new city. She has found a job, a flat and a friend called Ade. But then everything begins to change. Azra starts having dreams of accidents, hospitals and lights? Is her new friend in danger? Are the threats of racist, white power fanatic Mark real? Is he the one who will be the cause of Ade's injuries? A tightly written thriller, focuses on the experiences of a young girl and her relationship with those around her as she struggles to unravel the mystery of her dreams.
4452 ::: Update (2016) ::: In the near future, apps and gadgets are seamlessly incorporated into day-to-day activities. Laura is comfortable with this life, much to the displeasure of her father. But Laura's careless attitude with her personal data leads to consequences not only she has to suffer.
4453 ::: Mio figlio (2005) ::: Federico Vivaldi, a police inspector in Trieste, has an ex-wife with whom he is still on good terms and a 25-year-old son, Stefano, who works for the police with his father while studying for a law degree. One evening, a girl is killed at a party on the coast. Stefano was present at the party with some friends but omits to tell his father this. He fears that Federico will find out that he is gay, especially as the chief suspect is Damjan, an Austrian model with whom Stefano is having an affair. When Federico finds out that his son was present at the party, Stefano confesses that he is homosexual. Federico doesn't understand, thinking that he must have gone wrong somewhere in raising his son. However, as he gets to know Damjan and finally discovers the true culprit, he gradually comes to terms with his son's homosexuality
4454 ::: Die Reise nach Kafiristan (2001) ::: In 1939, the author Annemarie Schwarzenbach and the ethnologist Ella Maillart travel together by car to Kabul, but each is in pursuit of her own project. Annemarie Schwarzenbach, who was among Erika and Klaus Mann's circle of friends in the 30s, is searching for a place of refuge in the Near East to discover her own self. Ella Maillart justifies her restlessness, her need for movement and travel, with a scientific pretext: she would like to explore the mysterious Kafiristan Valley and make a name for herself with publications on the archaic life of the nomads living there. Both women are on the run, but political developments and their own biographies catch up with them again and again. Their mutual journey through the outside world, which runs from Geneva via the Balkans and Turkey to Persia, is compounded by the inner world of emotions with a tender love story.
4455 ::: Vol spécial (2011) ::: Switzerland still carries out special flights, where passengers, dressed in diapers and helmets, are chained to their seats for 40 hours at worst. They are accompanied by police officers and immigration officials. The passengers are flown to their native countries, where they haven't set foot in in up to twenty years, and where their lives might be in danger. Children, wives and work are left behind in Switzerland. Near Geneva, in Frambois prison, live 25 illegal immigrants waiting for deportation. They are offered an opportunity to say goodbye to their families and return to their native countries on a regular flight, escorted by plain-clothes police officers. If they refuse this offer, the special flight is arranged fast and unexpectedly. The stories behind the locked cells are truly heartbreaking.
4456 ::: Ashley (2013/I) ::: A teenage girl, distraught from her vain attempt to connect with her estranged mother, resorts to cutting herself. When she develops an online relationship with an older woman, she learns to accept her sexuality and the endless solitude of sprawling suburbia.
4457 ::: Forgiveness (2008/II) ::: Forgiveness is a story of the third generation after the Holocaust. Growing up in America, two busy professional women - Maria and Sarah - are brought together by fate and a diary that links their families. They struggle to understand what happened 60 years ago and find the meaning for their lives today. "Forgiveness" is a deep and fascinating film exposing the internal conflicts among Jewish and Christian survivors of the holocaust in Poland. It penetrates the veil of secrecy, anger, and shame, that continues to permeate the Polish collective memory, haunting both survivors and their descendants alike. Apollonia, an elderly Polish mother forced to reveal her family's darkest secrets in the winter of her years; while her daughter Maria, who is unexpectedly faced with her family's tragic and horrific legacy. Sarah, the grieving daughter of a Jewish woman who, upon her death, left behind a diary that for the first time details in words, the justification of her decades-long silence; while at the same time opening an opportunity for forgiveness and understanding between the Polish-American families.
4458 ::: Mercedes Goes to Motown (2002) ::: This is the true story behind the largest industrial merger of all time. In 1998, German Daimler Benz merged with the all American Chrysler corporation. The cultural clashes and market fallout that followed, rocked the industry. Using dramatic reconstructions, archive and access to many key corporate figures who had never spoken publicly before on this subject, the film tells the inside story behind the merger and assesses its impact on the industry today.
4459 ::: The End (2013/IV) ::: Vic Meyer is suffering from insomnia because he can't come up with an ending for his film. Frustrated, he gets up and heads to the local bar, where he discusses his script problems with the bartender. As he tells the bartender the story it plays out around them. A surprise encounter allows Vic to write the ending he always wanted.
4460 ::: CMT Road Pranks (2011) ::: CMT Road Pranks is a one-hour special highlighting the hilarious practical jokes artists create while out on the road. Join Jewel, Ty Murray, Sara Evans, Chuck Wicks, .38 Special and others as they all try to pull off incredible hidden-camera pranks.
4461 ::: Summer Girl (1983) ::: When seductive young Cinni comes to babysit for a troubled couple, she's after more than extra spending money. Starting with the kids and working around to the husband, evil Cinni plots to take over a young mother's life-ruthlessly dealing with anyone who gets in her way.
4462 ::: 6 Days Dark (2014) ::: The story of Tanja, a young woman who has an affair with a rich man, only for his vengeful wife to put a gypsy curse on her. Tanja is forced to suffer nightmarish encounters for six days and six nights, at the end of which she will confront an evil entity dating back to the Nazi occupation of Serbia.
4463 ::: "London A to Z" (2010) ::: London A To Z is an entertaining and informative live action/animation series providing a glimpse into the hidden gems of London that few people outside of the city know. Originally broad-cast on Finland's YLE, London A To Z won the Jury Grand Prix Award at the 2011 Shanghai Television Festival.
4464 ::: Transference: Book of Liars (2018) ::: A handsome, diabolical, delusional, but brilliantly seductive psychopathic mastermind invades the psychological space of a talented, happily married, forensic psychologist and her picture-perfect family. He skillfully digs into her psyche, forcing her to reveal her innermost traumas and putting her in a position of vulnerability when she can least afford to be weak.
4465 ::: "Niente Popo Dimenoche" (2001) ::: Game show featuring prolific Italian TV Producer, Michele Guardi, in the rare role of presenter. The contest was to find a new TV presenter from thousands of applicants. The show featured regular musical interludes from legendary British swing band, The Jive Aces, as well as guest appearances from iconic Italian stars such as Mike Bongiorno and Gigi D'Alessio. Winner of the competition was Michele La Ginestra, who went on to a successful career in TV and theatre.
4466 ::: San Fernando Valley (1944) ::: A ranch owner fires his ranch hands and brings in women to replace them. The owner's daughter wants the male hands back and comes up with a plan to do it. They will rustle the horses and when the women hands are unable to find them, they will bring them in and get their old jobs back. But the two hands that steal the horses sell them and then claim they were robbed.
4467 ::: Rodin: The Sculptors' View (2006) ::: Auguste Rodin is acknowledged as a colossus that bestrode 19th and early 20th century sculpture: his iconic works The Thinker, The Kiss and The Burghers of Calais are so compelling that they have become part of our visual vocabulary. When he died in 1917 he had become a popular hero of the French and British nations but has this extraordinary fame cloaked his real power? Eight of Britain's leading contemporary sculptors , Sir Anthony Caro, Tony Cragg, Richard Deacon, Barry Flanagan, Antony Gormley, Mark Quinn, Rebecca Warren and Rachel Whiteread, agreed to look afresh at Rodin's work and guage its influence almost a century after the artists' death...
4468 ::: Baby Love (1968) ::: Poor Luci, she is a 15 year old English schoolgirl about to embark on a promising career as the high-school mattress when she comes home one day from school to find her Mum as dead as a door knob in the tub. You see her Mum has cut her wrists after a long unrewarding career as the town mattress. Fortunately for Luci, her Mum's childhood friend is now a very successful upper-middle class doctor who has decided to take Luci home to his family (on a trial basis). Luci's new family (The Quayles) has a few issues. The father's libedo is on the wane and he has a stick permanently stuck up his butt. The mother was "convent schooled" and misses the good old days of snuggling up with a pretty young girl. The son is an amateur peeper without the libedo problem but also with a stick up his butt. Luci arrives in the midst of all this with her one suitcase, a bit unbalanced from her mother's recent suicide, and does everything she can to fit in with her new family - more or less. There isn't a whole lot of nudity or explicit sex. I've read that the film was originally given an "X" rating but don't let that fool you. This was 1968. Many films which would barely make an "R" rating today got an X in those days. In any event, it was released on video in the 1980s with an "R" rating and the copyright was abandoned in the U.S. in the mid 1990's. The video is "Deleted" in England. Now 15 years old, Luci grew up alone with her slutty mother in a poor district of London. After her mother's suicide, Robert, her mother's former high-school boyfriend, brings Luci to his home where she meets his rich wife Aimee and their teenage son. However, Robert is not the boy's biological father. Luci makes Robert think that he's guilty of her mother's death, because he left her after he finished university. Nevertheless, she wants to stay with his family in their beautiful home. It seems to them that she wants revenge. The whole family is confused by her strange behavior toward each of them, which is interpreted as sexual advances...
4469 ::: Making Waves (2004/I) ::: A group of disparate ham radio enthusiasts become close friends on the air-waves but exaggerate who they are on the assumption they'll never meet. When circumstances change, two of them have to try and live up to their larger than life personas, with disastrous results.
4470 ::: Amazon Voices (2015) ::: Amazonia, Ecuador - In Sarayaku, Yasuni and Lago Agrio - a region devastated by the Chevron Texaco corporation -, several indigenous communities are still trying to make their voices heard. Denouncing the social, cultural, environmental and human damage caused by oil extraction, they propose profoundly different ways of thinking. How does one define development? What is a "good-living" society? What solutions can be found in education? Get to know those who resist - and those who propose and create new ways to live in society.
4471 ::: The Exotic Time Machine (1998) ::: On board a space station in the near future, Leon falls into its time portal and lands in the boudoir of Marie Antoinette. He observes a dalliance of the queen with her maid, Mimi; then the queen finds him, suspects he's the king's spy, and seduces him. The king catches them in flagrante delicto and sends Leon to the Bastille. Back in space, Daria tries to rescue Leon, but she whizzes to Arabia, where she meets Shahrazad and Aladdin. She reaches France just as Mimi frees Leon from the Bastille. By way of Capone's Chicago, all three go back to the future where they find Fascists in charge. To save freedom and fulfill her destiny, Mimi must go back to King Louis's court.
4472 ::: African Christmas Journeys (2016) ::: When her Dad is arrested on drugs charge, what will rich kid Emma and her family do? The 16 year old white girl from wealthy suburb of Kloof, meets Joni, a Shona, aged 18, who arrived from Bulawayo to help his aunt in Christmas craft markets. Both have to learn survival skills fast. Joni having lost his money to muggers now on his first day in Durban sees his aunt taken by the police. Meanwhile Emma's tycoon father is also arrested. At the police station next day, Joni's aunt is released, but Emma's mother is horrified to be told that her "international financier" husband is charged with drug trafficking. In an emotional scene through the bars, she screams at him for jeopardizing their family. During the next week, humiliated by publicity, she and Emma face up to big decisions. Joni meanwhile lodges with Zim wire-workers and the street mechanics, harassed by police and angry local residents. After meeting again at the rainy Sunday market, Joni helps Emma's family through their sudden move from Kloof mansion to beach front flat. Her mother succeeds in a candle-making/wire-craft enterprise to earn Christmas cash, while Emma goes alone to a poignant non-contact visit to her father. A story of family love and loss ultimately ends serenely as Emma and Joni both show how to bounce back after severe shocks and surprises.
4473 ::: Method Man: Live from the Sunset Strip (2007) ::: The excitement and energy Method Man produces on stage is brilliantly captured on "Live from the Sunset Strip," the first ever live DVD from the infamous Wu-Tang emcee. This full length, high definition concert DVD features all his hits, including "DA ROCKWILDER," "ICE CREAM," "WU-TANG CLAN AIN'T NOTHING TA F' WIT" and many more. It also includes a moving tribute to fallen Wu-Tang member Old Dirty Bastard. With millions of records sold, and hundreds of thousands of concert and movie tickets sold around the world, Method Man has truly established himself as a world class entertainer. This DVD is a must have for all Meth and Wu-Tang Fans!
4474 ::: Neeru Thandavaru (2017) ::: Ganga, a young girl lives in a 'Keri', a colony of so called 'lower caste' people. She lives with her mother Hampakka, Hampakka's brother Shivanna and his two children. On the other hand, so called 'upper caste' people, who live in the neighbouring town, are living in their own belief systems. The only river which is the source of drinking water for 'Keri, goes dry. A bunch of 'Keri' boys, under the leadership of their friend Chandru, keep appealing the authorities for the hand pump for already existing bore well. But their appeal goes unheard repeatedly. When 'Keri' people go to the town to get potable water from the only Well, they are denied water on the pretext of the sanctity of the well under the guise of religious rituals. This incidence kindles fire between 'Keri' boys and 'town' boys. Hampakka gives some wisdom to a stupidly ritualistic woman Sarsamma who is a self proclaimed protector of the well. Ganga stands by her mother. Finally, 'Keri' women succeed in convincing the concerned authorities and get the pump sanctioned. Disaster strikes. As 'Keri' bore well starts functioning, the Well in the town goes dry. The well water gets drifted to the bore well. The town goes dry without water. But nobody is ready to bring water from Keri. When town people try to get a water tanker, Chandru disrupts their effort. This does not go well with Hampakka, Shivanna and Ganga. Ganga gathers all Keri women and gets ready to take water from Keri Bore Well for the people of the town.
4475 ::: Mias pentaras neiata (1967) ::: A newly wed couple cannot pay the installments for their house. Thus, Irene finds a secretary position at the firm George is working at, pretending she is George's sister. The company director, a womanizer, is flirting with her and asks her to marry him, while his sister starts flirting with George . . .
4476 ::: Joe Gould's Secret (2000) ::: Around 1940, The New Yorker staff writer Joe Mitchell meets Joe Gould, a Greenwich Village character, who cadges meals, drinks, and contributions to the Joe Gould Fund, and who is writing a voluminous Oral History of the World, a record of twenty thousand conversations he's overheard. Mitchell is fascinated with this Harvard grad, and writes a 1942 piece about him, "Professor Seagull", bringing Gould some celebrity, and an invitation to join the Greenwich Village Ravens, a poetry club he's often crashed. Gould's touchy, querulous personality and his frequent dropping in on Mitchell for hours of chat, lead to a break-up, but the two Joes stay in touch until Gould's death, and Mitchell's unveiling of the secret.
4477 ::: La mort se mérite - Digressions avec Serge Livrozet (2017) ::: Death Must Be Earned is the intimate portrait of Serge Livrozet, former safe-cracker, one of the protagonists of 1970s French counter-culture, alongside Michel Foucault founder of the Committee of Prisoner's Action, self-taught writer and anarchist activist. The film portraits him at age 75 in his hometown of Nice where he revisits the pivotal episodes of his life of social struggle and political activism.
4478 ::: Endlich rauchfrei - Dokumentation (2007) ::: Many smokers want to finally get rid of it. For all, who are willing to quit smoking permanently, this is documentation of great help.
4479 ::: Verano de Goliat (2010) ::: Summer of Goliath is a documentary/fiction hybrid that narrates various stories of the people of the town of Huilotepec in rural Mexico. Teresa's husband has disappeared and she believes he has left her for another woman. Gabino, her son, is a soldier who searches cars at the side of a country road, where very few cars pass by. He hopes one day him and Alberto, his soldier partner, will get machine guns to further intimidate the people driving by. Amalio, Nico, and Oscar are three brothers whose stories we learn through a series of interviews and reenactments. Their father left them many years ago, and their mother can barely support them. Oscar has gained the nickname Goliath after the mysterious death of his girlfriend.
4480 ::: The Next Big Thing? (2001) ::: The fuel cell uses hydrogen and oxygen to produce electricity. And the only by-products are water and heat. So why aren't we using them today? "The Next Big Thing?" looks at the history of other promising technologies to answer that question.
4481 ::: Kostya Tszyu: Destiny (2004) ::: Kostya Tszyu - Destiny. The undisputed champion of the world. The thoughts, tactics and passions of Kostya Tszyu as he makes no excuses about knocking down those in his path to reach his destiny. Russian born Australian boxer Kostya Tszyu is one of the only three current fighters to reign as Undisputed Champion of the World in their weight division. Kostya Tszyu Destiny features his three world title unification fights along with commentaries on each of the fights by the champion himself. Includes special appearances by John Lewis and Paul Upham, and an exclusive film clip 'Something Worth Fight For' - the official Kostya Tszyu theme song.
4482 ::: In Search of Ancient Astronauts (1973) ::: An edited version of the 1970 German documentary "Erinnerungen an die Zukunft" (Chariots of the Gods), this examines the theory that aliens have landed on Earth in ancient times and were responsible for many of mankind's oldest mysteries.
4483 ::: O kosmos xana (2002) ::: There are five of them: Maria, Eleni, Giorgos and Yannis. They are around fifteen years old and so far everything has gone wrong. They are all kids from institutions. Everything, except for their friendship. So, when the time comes that Eleni wants to track down her mother at all costs, they all set off on the journey together. In search of their personal past they will rediscover "the distant past of the world". So these unlucky creatures will end up becoming the favorites of gods, the ones who will find, through the power of friendship, the road that leads to beauty.
4484 ::: Fishy Stones (1990) ::: After a well-executed jewelry store heist, two amateur thugs go on the run. But the police are not too far behind, and after a chase through the countryside, the thugs are apprehended - but only after they stash their loot in a clump of nearby bushes. When two best friends head off into the wilderness on a camping expedition together, luck seems to be on their side when they discover the hidden stash of diamonds. But life is never that easy, and the two thugs, after a daring escape from prison, pick up the trail of the friends, hunting them down in order to reclaim their loot. In the end, the boys' parents come to their rescue, and the two dim-witted criminals are sent back to jail once more - hopefully for good this time!
4485 ::: Calabria (2016) ::: CALABRIA is a road movie in a hearse. After the death of a Calabrian emigrant who came to Switzerland to find work, two undertakers, Jovan and José, emigrants themselves, travel from the north to the south of Italy to repatriate the deceased to his home village.
4486 ::: Unimaginable (2015) ::: "How much does love have to hurt before it is not love?" is the question that plagues Antonio as the past demons of domestic violence resurface at the hands of his partner, Kirk. Antonio hides his physical and emotional pain from his all-knowing mother, Cynthia, who suffered such a tremendous amount of abuse at the hands of Antonio's father that Antonio became a nurse to heal pain that he could not heal as a child. Antonio is jolted out of his denial by one of his patients, Michelle , who is also, a frequent victim of domestic violence. While Michelle does not consider herself a victim, but as simply part of a couple that "loves hard and fight hard", a critical incident involving Michelle at the clinic forces Antonio to confront his own situation and reevaluate the "magic and tragic" of his life with Kirk before it is too late.
4487 ::: South of Bexar (????) ::: Though his struggle as a musician is a long and difficult road, Tobey McAllen, is still full of fight and continues to plow through the hardship that exists for other struggler's alike. Between getting booed out of bars, getting stiffed by club owners, defending his vision to the band and fighting with his long time girlfriend: Cora, McAllen needs all the help he can get. His faith in the music game gets tested when a Country Star, Christian Dunne, waltzes in and steals the show. And his girl...
4488 ::: Wife, Husband and Friend (1939) ::: Leonard Borland's contracting business is doing badly, while his monied wife wants to pursue an operatic career. He lets her get on with it until she seems to be a success, when he finds he himself has a singing voice good enough to go on tour with. This brings some money in, and his new singing partner fancies him too.
4489 ::: The Little Princess (1917) ::: Little Sara Crewe is placed in a boarding school by her father when he goes off to war, but he does not understand that the headmistress is a cruel, spiteful woman who makes life miserable for Sara.
4490 ::: "After the Bell Rings" (2014) ::: Ty Macdougall is a former amateur golden boy looking to box his way to a Canadian title. Now that he's moved to Edmonton and found a new gym, Ty explains his struggle to keep boxing in his life -- he is currently training for an upcoming fight with a former opponent: Gary Kopas. The heated fight turns into a slug-fest that's cheered on by Calgary fans, but the outcome of the match was not what either fighter expected. Afterwards Ty has to make tough choices to keep his hopes for a title shot alive.
4491 ::: Beyond the Pearly Gates of Ill-Repute (2006) ::: An innocent young girl rents a room in a shady boarding house only to discover she is being held prisoner in a brothel! When her cash runs out, the callous Madame forces her to pay her rent by catering to the needs of her insalubrious clientele. The pious girl tries to defend her purity by exploiting the religious eccentricities of her customer - but will Jesus forgive her ultimate sin?
4492 ::: The Wine Guy Unplugged with Anthony Gilardi (2010) ::: The Wine Guy Unplugged is a half hour television show hosted by Anthony Gilardi. Anthony takes you on an adventure through wine regions of the world while you discover your new found passion for all things wine! Anthony will help you approach wine in such as way as to not be intimidated, but to be empowered and confident when talking about, serving, pairing, or selecting wine. Each episode will take you to a new region of the world while you explore exciting wineries, vineyards, and local treasures that make each region unique. You will meet, talk to, and learn from industry professionals and get the inside scoop from the people who know best. Anthony will bring with him, on these adventures, celebrity guests that you will follow as they make their own discoveries about wine. You will learn more about your favorite celebrities wine of choice, why they enjoy wine, and how they entertain with wine. Come join Anthony Gilardi as he breaks down the barrier and exposes wine in an exciting whole new way!
4493 ::: Snow Babies (2012) ::: 'Caroline Quentin' (qv) narrates this heart-warming tale of a special group of baby animals born in some of the coldest and harshest places on Earth. We follow the ups and downs of impossibly cute yet plucky baby emperor penguins, snow monkeys, polar bears, arctic foxes, reindeer and otters and find out just what it takes to survive the first year of life in a world of snow and ice, with a little help from family and friends.
4494 ::: Sibling Warrior: Healing My Brother's Autism (2017) ::: When Zack Peter found out his younger brother Ethan, was diagnosed with autism, he made it his mission to ensure Ethan will one day live an independent life. Together, he and his family work hard to make sure Ethan has the same opportunities as other kids his age, giving him a bright future. Follow their journey in Sibling Warrior. Zack, the oldest, has been working alongside his mother, Nancy, advocating for the cause since Ethan (aka "Deets") was diagnosed with autism in 2005. After receiving a bio medical treatment grant for Ethan from Generation Rescue in 2010, Zack has helped his mother find the best resources available to support Ethan. EJ, Nancy's second oldest son, has also been a brave sibling warrior, helping his parents take care of Ethan on a day-to-day basis. Follow their journey in Sibling Warrior.
4495 ::: Murder in Harber Woods (2006) ::: Detective William Stockwell goes on the hunt for a blood thirsty psycho who seems to have an unusual taste. Detective Stockwell must find the blood thirsty killer before he kills again. Helping him is Sheriff Bob. To make things worse a group of four friends go into the woods for a two day camping trip. They don't go unnoticed and become the desire of the blood-thirsty killer. Now Detective Stockwell not only will seek out the identity of the killer but he must find the four friends before it's too late!
4496 ::: Zheng qing kuang ai (1999) ::: Xiao Lan grew up in an environment like that of many others: she had a home she wasn't sure she could go back to; she had a group of friends she wasn't sure she could trust. She never bothered to think over and analyze such time-bound problems. For her, being young was the only way one could combat this environment: there was no need to dwell upon being hurt and all that. Yet, upon her good friend Xiao Lan's suicide, she finally realized that some things were heavier, much graver than she had originally thoughts.
4497 ::: Pazar - Bir Ticaret Masali (2008) ::: Mihram is a small time Turkish black marketeer who gambles and drinks too much. Something that bothers both him and his wife, Elif. He wants to better his life and when he hears about the enormous amount of cell phones being sold, he wants to enter that market. For this, he needs money and when the local doctor asks him to get medicine from Azerbaijan for the sick children, he sets out to get the medicine, aided by his crotchety elderly uncle Fazil.
4498 ::: Genuine Fakes (????) ::: In the 1980's and 1990's the world witnessed a dramatic increase in the price of works of art. As prices soared so did the potential for fraud. Genuine Fakes is based on a true story of how two different men from different social settings meet in the strangest of circumstances and proceed to Mastermind possibly the largest Art Fraud of the 20th Century.
4499 ::: The Stone House (2006) ::: 'The Stone House' is a story about Rick Berlinger and his wife Joslin moving from their busy urban life to a small and quiet town in pursuit of happiness. Soon after their arrival, people begin to disappear. While many might suspect them, some believe in a local legend that the local mental hospital that burned down mysteriously in the late seventies left the unaccounted patients behind to haunt the woods around it. Ultimately, it's left up to Rick to discover what's really going on in their new town and what really hides behind the story of the abandoned asylum that is The Stone House.
4500 ::: Son of Kashmir Burhan (2019) ::: Son Of Kashmir (Burhan) movie is based on the issue of the freedom for Kashmir and tells the story of a young Kashmiri boy (Burhan) who is able to become a fighter within the Kashmir liberation movement and through daring, courage and self-sacrifice wreaks massive destruction on the Indian occupying military. Aftermath he was brutally martyred by the Occupying forces (the Indian army) but he became an iconic figure of the freedom movement and imparting a new vision to liberation movement against India.
4501 ::: Minha Poesia (2016) ::: MINHA POESIA (My Poetry) is an audiovisual capsule on the life and work of poet Leide Moreira, revolving around the documentation of the ten years in which her poems were transcribed; unique moments in which Leide and her caregivers work with a visual chart based on the movement of her eyes, the only movement she has due to ALS (Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis).
4502 ::: In Heaven's Court (2009) ::: A drama/romance about a young, community based, "Obama-esque" African-American attorney named Shawn Johnson who helps two of his clients fight for their civil rights. His client, Jose Vasquez is troubled when he is overlooked for a promotion and ultimately fired because of his race. This occurs at a time when he needs to pay for his Italian wife Marie's medical treatment. Shawn is confronted with combating extreme financial corruption and racial prejudice within the legal system threatening losses for him and his two clients. Shawn begins to lose faith, until his grandmother re-assures him of a higher purpose and inspires him to stay the course.
4503 ::: The Lions Are Free (1969) ::: The true life sequel to the movie classic "Born Free". The actors from the film, Bill Travers and Virginia McKenna, with the help of their friend, legendary conservationist George Adamson, reveal what became of the lions used in the filming of "Born Free". While Virginia McKenna visits a zoo in Great Britian, her husband Bill Travers travels to a remote area of East Africa to visit George Adamson and to reunite with the lions he starred with in the movie and who are living free thanks to George Adamson. A remarkable reunion is filmed just as it happens. The true life sequel to the movie classic "Born Free". The actors from the movie, Bill Travers and Virginia McKenna, with the help of their friend, legendary conservationist George Adamson, reveal what became of the lions used in the filming of this popular movie.
4504 ::: "Charlie" (2016) ::: With Charlie's second birthday fast approaching, and her dog Rocky and his chihuahua friend Sam sent to obedience school after an impromptu food-fight, "turning two" were the loneliest words Charlie had ever heard. When Charlie finds a red balloon, she not only finds a new friend, but finds the true meaning friendship.
4505 ::: The MiraCLE Foundation (2016) ::: What started out as a social problem research project for a group of students at Cleveland State University, turns into an unbelievable story of the willingness to help those in need with the smallest gesture. With the 2016 fall semester coming to a close at Cleveland State University a final research project into the problem of homelessness in downtown Cleveland sparks a fire within seven eager students to make a change and bring awareness to the issue of homelessness.
4506 ::: "Kate & Joe Just Want to Have Sex" (2013) ::: Joe and Kate just want to have sex. That's all. This is a five episode web series about two people who just want to bone each other. But man, oh man, it's not looking good for them! Do they ever get it on? How many ways can two people get distracted? You'll have to watch and see!
4507 ::: Street Wok'n (2006) ::: Streetwok'n is a lightweight comedy about Uncle and Nephew, two Asian immigrants, who try to make it in an American ghetto. Uncle's breakthrough idea to sell Chinese food in vending machines makes an enemy of Power T, the self-proclaimed ghetto kingpin, who uses the machines to sell his drugs. Uncle and Nephew, with the help of Quentin St. James, their Jamaican friend, and Mr. Chin, their faithful dog, must fight Power T and his gang of Intimidators to succeed in their business. Will Nephew survive the local school system? Can the ghetto survive Power T and his terrible bass-busting rap music? Will Uncle divulge the secret of his special sauce? No one is safe, including Uncle Sam, in this non-stop, laugh-filled satire of all things American.
4508 ::: The Wedding Diary (2011) ::: The Wedding Diary 2 picks up two years after the marriage of Wei Jie (Aniu) and Zhixin (Elanne), when they welcome a new and unexpected addition to their family. However, all is not well for Wei Jie's in-laws when Zhixin's father, Colin (Jack Choo) suffers a stroke, which puts a strain on the couple's relationship as Zhixin has to step up to handle her father's business and at the same time, ensure that her mother (Kara Hui) does not fall into depression and anxiety due to her husband's condition. It was a Wei Jie's wedding day, but it was a bad day for him too! In the process of putting the wedding together, he has been exhausted and way too far over his budget! As the son of a fisherman in Penang, he is actually going to marry a daughter of a Singapore property developer - Tina Chong. To prevent her parents in looking down upon Wei Jie, he declared himself having the ability to marry Tina by holding a grand wedding ceremony. During the pre wedding arrangement, his expenses went over budget by spending on red tape and items needed in following the traditional wedding customs. Going through each events, his brain functions like a cash register. In his mind the cost of each items adds up in total and freaks himself up. Weijie did not tell the difficulties to Tine due to self-esteem issues, whereas he was being convinced by Jeremy for gambling game, which brings him the worse result - losing all the money.
4509 ::: Groza (1934) ::: Events take place in the first half of the XIX century in the invented small town Kalinov. Here family of Kobanovy lives: merchant mother-woman, her adult children - Tikhon and Varvara, Katerina are a young wife of Tikhon. Stuffily Katerina in this family, severely. A husband she does not love, a mother requires him from all implicit submission, presses all and tyrannizes. And Katerina, on trouble it, fell in love Boris.
4510 ::: Saitei. (2017) ::: This is the story of three Japanese women in the glamourous world of adult film. There is Miho who is a house wife in her thirties and needs to do something new with herself. There is Ayako the teenage high school girl who still relies on her mother. There is Ayano who has moved to the big city of Tokyo.
4511 ::: Prince: Lovesexy Live (1989) ::: This concert film, directed by Dutch director Egbert van Hees, was broadcast live all over Europe on September 9th 1988. The concert was taped at the Westfalenhalle in Dortmund, Germany and features a string of Prince's hits and new material at that time. Songs like I Wanna Be Your Lover, Delirious, Little Red Corvette, Bob George, Do Me Baby, Superfunkycalifragisexy, Purple Rain, Alphabet St, Anna Stesia and Glam Slam are are featured. These songs, together with a piano medley of songs like When 2 R In Love, Strange Relationship and Raspberry Beret make this concert film a spectacular two hour plus event.
4512 ::: "Game On" (2002) ::: Part game show, part travel show and part reality show, "Game On" will follow the show's co-hosts, Matt Gallant and Randy Kagan, as they embark on a journey to the video gaming centres and landmarks of the United States and compete against each other, special guests and the public in original video game-related challenges.
4513 ::: Trial of Labor (2015) ::: 'Trial of Labor' follows a small group of pregnant women and their journeys back to trusting themselves and their bodies after previous births ended in unplanned surgery. Each woman has chosen to plan a vaginal birth after Cesarean, and the uncertainty of their imminent births evokes in each a personal reckoning: finding a path through unresolved feelings and difficult decisions to the ultimate, unpredictable event of childbirth.
4514 ::: Beauty Among the Ruins (2011) ::: A documentary by Sharon McHenryPower based on the true story of three children devastated by hurricane Katrina. Their will to survive and rise above the ruins in New Orleans turns the key to open their very own treasure box of their imaginations. With the help of one kind old man and the power and strength of their imaginations and creativity, these three resourceful children take hurricane trash and turn it into beautiful works of art that provide for their basic needs and much more. A beautiful inspiring story that will warm your heart.
4515 ::: Stirring Up Trouble (2016) ::: When the family is confronted with financial difficulties, two teenage sisters join forces with a local cooking school, "Kids Kitchen, to produce an internet cooking show for kids. The cooking show entitled, "Stirring Up Trouble", brings in so many new clients, that the owner of "Kids Kitchen" gives the girls 10% of bookings brought in from the show. The show helps the family pay the electricity bill, teaches the girls to believe in themselves, and reflects the value ingenuity has in solving problems.
4516 ::: Standing Strong: The Tribal Nations of Western Oregon (2009) ::: Western Oregon's Five Native American Tribe's Oregon Sesquicentennial and the history of the Native American Tribes who live here. Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, Confederated Tribes of the Siletz Indians, The Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde, The Coquille Indian Tribe, and the Confederated Tribes of the Coos, Lower Umpqua and Siuslaw.
4517 ::: The Black Book of L (2017) ::: The Black Book of L. is a dark tale inspired by an imaginary black book that holds all the tragic events of the protagonist's life. A woman descends into the darkest, most harrowing moments of her past viewing them through the prism of age.
4518 ::: "F*Ck You, Mark Zuckerberg" (2014) ::: Have you ever looked at your news feed and felt like a complete failure? No friends and no accomplishments, who hasn't "checked in" to any cool places lately? Welcome to Grace's world. Grace, at 23 years old, is still living at home. She's done everything you're suppose to do after you graduate college, but she still hasn't found her calling. That all changes when Grace decides that weed is her best way to success. It's timely, funny, quirky and it is ooh so connected to our generation.
4519 ::: No somos nadie (2002) ::: Two Spanish pan-handlers soon find themselves in over their heads when they stumble upon an opportunity to redeem themselves and perhaps the entire planet. The world appears to suffer from rampant poverty, violence and spiritual desperation and the relentless news media force-feeds these images to the Spanish people. A popular reality television show lets the audience decide between life or death for suspected felons, and one of the opportunistic pan-handlers attempts to escape poverty through this raucous and sensational TV program.
4520 ::: The Governess (1949) ::: Patrick Hamilton's recently rediscovered psychological thriller features Detective Rough (a character later made famous by the author's best known play "Gaslight") as he tackles the case of a missing infant following the arrival of 'The Governess'. The sinister Governess Fry, having taken a position in the Drew household, manipulates and deceives all around her. And when the Drew's infant vanishes, the house is thrown into turmoil.
4521 ::: Tabla Beat Science: Talamanam Sound Clash (2003) ::: Filmed June 21, 2002 with 12 cameras at the legendary Fillmore in San Francisco, this DVD documents a Tabla Beat Science performance that features founders Zakir Hussein (Tablas) and Bill Laswell (Bass), along with Ustad Sultan Khan (Sarangi and Vocals), Ejigayehu "Gigi" Shibabaw (Vocals), Karsh Kale (Drums), DJ Disk (Turntable) and MIDIval PunditZ (Electronics). Directed by Alex Winter.
4522 ::: Lost Heroes (2011) ::: The luck of the of the once fearsome Frenetic Five has taken a turn for the worse. Between child support payments, transient living and an unapproachable mayor, the group find themselves fighting to survive. Follow the plight of the Frenetic Five as they attempt to regain Superhero status against all odds. Will they be the guardians of the city once again?
4523 ::: Bad Actress (2011) ::: Alyssa Rampart Pillage is a washed up TV queen whose career has been reduced to starring in commercials for her husband Bernie's appliance empire. When their tree hugging daughter Topanga dies in a tragic golf ball accident, Bernie goes off the spiritual deep end and tries to give away their fortune with disastrous results. But what starts off as tragedy quickly turns into career re-invention for Alyssa. And as the body counts rises, so does her star. Bad Actress is a guilty pleasure of a film that gleefully mocks the world of Hollywood and Fame, which reminds us that Justice has nothing on Celebrity.
4524 ::: Omid - Hoffnung (2005) ::: A ballad by Schiller is being staged in an oriental theatre. The theatrical setting transforms into reality: The actors try to reach the greek coast in a fishing boat in order to follow their journey to their final destination, Germany. Shortly before they reach the coast they run out of gasoline. The theatre stage builds the artificial frame of a story about faith in future and Schiller's principle of hope.
4525 ::: "The Federal Experience" (2007) ::: Tim Abell joins "The Federal Experience" as an accomplished Hollywood actor who wants to take his novice hunting skills to the next level. He'll learn about all the parts that go into a successful hunt-along with what occurs when things don't go perfectly. Viewers will also get a "behind the scenes" perspective into the overall experience of the hunt.
4526 ::: Anyone and Everyone (2007) ::: Connected by having a son or daughter who is gay, parents across the country discuss their experiences in the documentary Anyone and Everyone. In it, filmmaker Susan Polis Schutz, depicts families from all walks of life. Individuals from such diverse backgrounds as Japanese, Bolivian, and Cherokee, as well as from various religious denominations such as Mormon, Jewish, Roman Catholic, Hindu, and Southern Baptist, share intimate accounts of how their children revealed their sexual orientation and discuss their responses. The parents also talk about struggling with the pain of their sons and daughters dealing with not being accepted by relatives or friends, and being ostracized by religious congregations. "It was so evil and so bad that we almost couldn't talk about it... You just had the idea it was so terrible that it was unspeakable," said a Mormon mother in the film. "Having heard all these awful things and what homosexuality was and then having a member of your family, a person that you have seen, a child that you have seen since the child was born, a person that was absolutely wholesome, good, kind, gentle and that put together with the word lesbian didn't add up," said a Hispanic mother. This film is especially important since up to 26% of gay teens who come out to their parents or guardians are told they must leave home. Of the approximately 1.6 million homeless American youth, 20-40% identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender. Nearly 40% of LGBT (GLBT) students report being physically harassed. In a 2001 Department of Health study of youth in Massachusetts, about 40 percent of gay and lesbian students attempted suicide, compared to about 10 percent of their heterosexual peers.
4527 ::: "Clovenhoof" (2017) ::: Heaven, Hell and humanity collide in a story that features murder, heavy metal, cannibalism, armed robbers, devious old ladies, Satanists who live with their mums, dead priests, petty archangels, flamethrowers, sex dolls, a group of social misfits, a voracious man-eater that lives upstairs and way too much alcohol. Based on the books by Heide Goody and Iain Grant, Clovenhoof will have you rooting for the bad guy like never before.
4528 ::: "Family Feud" (1977) ::: The Australian version of the popular American game show. Two families compete against each other for cash prizes by guessing the most popular answers to survey questions like "Name something you would find in the back of a car." The Australian version of the U.S. game show. Two families of four people compete against each other over a number of rounds where they try to match answers to questions with those obtained from a survey of 100 people. There could be from 3 to 8 answers for them to match, but the number of answers generally decreases in later rounds. Each round begins with one person from each family facing off against each other. After the question is asked, the first person to hit the buzzer gives the first answer, and its position on the board is revealed, with the number of people who gave that answer becoming the initial number of points. The other person then tries to give an answer in a higher position on the board, with the number of people who gave that answer added to the point score, unless the first person's answer is the top answer. The person revealing the most popular or the higher of the two revealed answers decides if their family wants to pass or play. The family that plays then has to match the other answers, adding to the point score with each match, while avoiding getting strikes for answers that are not on the board. If that family makes a "clean sweep" by matching all of the answers on the board, they receive the total points (A minimum of 3 people have to give an answer for it to appear on the board, so a clean sweep will sometimes result in less than 100 points), otherwise when they get three strikes, the other family confers for three seconds before deciding on an answer - if this answer is on the board, that family wins the points, but it it isn't, the points go to the family that first played that round. The third round is a double points round, where the points for each answer revealed are double the number of people who gave that answer in the survey. Additional "spare questions" may be played, again at double points, unless or until one family has more than 200 points. This family then chooses two people to play the final round, where the first person has a total of 15 seconds to answer five questions, and after they give all of their answers, the number of people who said each answer in the survey is revealed and added as points. The board is then cleared and the second person is brought out and has 20 seconds to answer the same five questions - if they repeat an answer given by the first person, they hear a buzzer and the host tells them to "try again", hence the longer time (either person may pass on a question, in which case they get another chance to answer it at the end only if time permits). If the two people score a total of 200 points or more between them, the family wins the prizes on offer.
4529 ::: Attachments (2017) ::: One millennial I.T. nerd plus one computer illiterate senior citizen, equals one unlikely attachment. Eileen Roth is a widow who needs to learn how to use a computer in order to communicate with her beloved grand-daughter in this funny love story.
4530 ::: Detroit America (2016) ::: Residents of Detroit's neighborhoods fight for survival in a city with an uncertain future. Working tirelessly to improve their communities in spite of the lack of resources the city has to offer and the legacy of broken infrastructure that has made it one of if not the most failed major city in america. The characters in our film succeed and in some ways thrive though by activating the power of community to take back their blocks and regain a semblance of what we all think life should look like in America.
4531 ::: "Twiz & Tuck's Bucket List" (2017) ::: Twiz and Tuck leave Brooklyn and hit the road to complete their bucket list. On their way Tuck drags Twiz to sleep in some weird ass places before meeting Paz the Michigan Monster and his Jiu Jitsu buddy Steve. They pick up the third companion of the trip, Bennie the puppy.
4532 ::: One of Our Cheerleaders Is Missing (2001) ::: When a cheerleader fails to arrive for practice, two of her friends go to check on her and wind up joining the buxom beauty in bondage. In the second tale, an inexperienced woman thinks that being gorgeous and blonde are the only attributes needed to be a private investigator. Too late, when she's already bound and securely gagged, does she learn that there's more to being a detective than she thought.
4533 ::: Zum Vergleich (2009) ::: In Comparison revisits issues explored in the director's 2007 two channel installation Comparison Via a Third. Spanning continents and cultures, the film focuses on the brick in its many contexts, from the collective efforts of a community building a clinic in Burkina Faso, through semi industrialized moldings in India, to industrial production lines in Germany, France, Austria and Switzerland. Through its notable structure and its captivating rhythms, In Comparison presents various methods of labor production, allowing for an assessment that changes with every layer and goes well beyond a simple binary divide.
4534 ::: The History of University of Kentucky Basketball (2007) ::: Since its inception in 1902, the University of Kentucky Basketball program has amassed 1,948 wins against only 608 losses for a staggering 76.2% winning percentage. No other school has as many wins or a greater all-time winning percentage, not UCLA, not UNC, Indiana or Duke. Kentucky's accomplishments don't end there however. 7 National Championships, 13 Final Four Appearances, 46 NCAA Tournament appearances, 139 NCAA Tournament Games, 43 SEC Championships and 25 SEC Tournament Championships have clearly established Kentucky basketball as one of the greatest programs in all of sports in the U.S., college or professional. These impressive numbers are very much part of the tradition and glory that surround University of Kentucky Basketball. However, just as much a part of this tradition is the players and coaches who have guided the program over the years. Legendary coaches like Adolph Rupp, Joe B. Hall, Rick Pitino and Tubby Smith. Players such as Louie Dampier, Dan Issell, Pat Riley, Jack "Goose" Givens, Kyle Macy, Sam Bowie, Kenny Walker, John Pelphrey, Rex Chapman, Jamal Mashburn, Ron Mercer, Tony Delk, Tayshaun Prince, Keith Bogans and many more. Own this extraordinary piece of University of Kentucky Basketball history and relive some of the greatest moments of one of college basketball's more storied programs.
4535 ::: O gennitsaros (1953) ::: During the Turkish occupation of Greece, the Ottomans systematically abducted Christian boys, who were raised and educated by Muhammadan standards to form a caste of janissaries. One of these Islamicized Christian boys returns to his village after many years (now as a fanatic young Turk) and comes face to face with his roots and traditions.
4536 ::: Photograph (2008) ::: Tom Barbusse (Patrick Jenkins) is a security guard who spends the majority of his time watching the vast array of CCTVs within his workplace. Tom however also spends his time recording unsuspecting members of the public whom he believes are doing "immoral things" before he blackmails them. However the tables are turned on Tom when he suddenly receives a mysterious videotape that shows him meeting with his last victim. With the camera now turned in the opposite direction Tom must ask himself some questions...who could be blackmailing him? Could it be the last victim who appears on the mystery tape (Alexandra Ford)? And how will he pay his blackmailer? Could the solution lie with his successful young friend Dillon (Andrew Porter)?
4537 ::: Unnuap Taarnerpaaffiani (2014) ::: Minik and Hans have been friends since childhood. One day Hans suggests that they should spend the night in a haunted house to make things interesting. Hans wants to find out if ghosts are real and film their findings. Minik agrees to the challenge and before they know it, they are in a haunted house. Strange things starts to happen that challenges their skepticism.
4538 ::: For a Good Time, Call... (2012) ::: Lauren and Katie, college frenemies with a mutual good friend, move in together at age 28 in order to afford an amazing Gramercy Park apartment. The unlikely pair start a phone sex line and become best friends while learning about this hilarious world of vibrators, fake orgasms and nighttime callers. When the hot line is hung up and reality comes calling, the most meaningful relationship of their lives is put to the test. The reserved Lauren (played by 'Lauren Anne Miller') and the irrepressible Katie ('Ari Graynor' (qv)) are polar opposites - and past enemies. But when both come up short on the funds needed to afford their dream New York City apartment, a mutual friend ('Justin Long') re-introduces them, and they reluctantly agree to room together. These apartment-mates have nothing in common - until Lauren discovers that Katie is working as a phone-sex operator, and recognizes a good business opportunity. But as their business partnership takes off, their newfound friendship finds unexpected challenges that may leave them both, as they say, hanging on the telephone. In Manhattan, the nerd aspirant editor Lauren Powell is dumped by her boyfriend Charlie that is expatriated to Rome. Meanwhile, the manicure Katie Steele can not afford the raise in the rent of her apartment at the Gramercy Park. Their common gay friend Jesse brings Lauren to share the apartment with Katie, but they are college enemies and have difficulties to accept each other. Katie also works in a phone sex line but her income is very low. When Lauren loses her lousy job and is not accepted in a publishing house, she decides to use her knowledge to make a profitable business in sex for Katie and herself. But when Lauren's parents unexpectedly appear in the apartment, their friendship is tested.
4539 ::: 5 Freshman Fantasies: Self Satisfaction (1999) ::: Nick Steel starts the movie off by having phone sex. The second scene shows Peter Wilder satisfying himself by the swimming pool. Then the viewer is treated to Dante who takes a bubble bath for the camera and finishes his scene in his bed. Shawn Young entertains in scene four by inviting the viewer into his bedroom. Leo DeSilva closes the film by working himself up in front of a bungalow.
4540 ::: Gajin svet (2018) ::: Gaja's world is a contemporary romantic family comedy with elements of a crime film. The story deals with the common problems of today's kids' life: separation of parents, alienation in the family, and the dangers of the Internet. With this we address both teens and their parents. However, we do not ignore the dynamics, humor, emotions, and suspense. The main character of the film is 11-year-old Gaja. She presents to us her unusual family and the world in which she lives. After Mother's departure to Africa on the mission of the Doctors without Borders, this world undergoes a significant change. Her father must learn how to take care of his daughters on his own. Gaja has a sister, Tea who because of her teenage naivety gets herself into a world of online threats and crime. But clever and crafty Gaja is capable to handle all the problems. Her best friend Matic, a computer genius is always under attack of his more powerful classmates, but Gaja is not afraid of anyone. She proves that the weaker can be the strongest if the brains and the heart are in the right place. Despite occasional violations of the rules Gaja's decisions match that cordial and sincere world that always touches us. Whatever happens, Gaja is not a passive observer - she always bravely takes matters into her own hands. The main message of the film is that the courage always brings the solution to the problem, and this is also the belief that every parent would want to transmit to his child.
4541 ::: Defekt (2008) ::: Oxana is a teenager who wants to break free of her rich family milieu and of social repression. She meets Freeze, who lives on the periphery of society, in a semi-legal club. Freeze and his friends live in an empty factory building. This is where Oxi seeks refuge from her family, and though she tries to fit into the new environment, her hatred and disdain for her previous life upsets the balance of the fragile rules of the boys' life and ends it.
4542 ::: Fredagsbarn (2010) ::: Rune is 14 years old and lives in the suburbs; he is different from the other boys. One day after having a fight with his dad he leaves home to hang out at the docks and be by himself. But he is not the only one there; the slightly older Benjamin is also at the docks painting graffiti on an abandon factory. Intrigued and curious Rune goes over to say hi.
4543 ::: Moonlight Melodies (????) ::: Narrated by: Francis Jane Melody. Nineteen-Eighteen (1918) was a good year. It was the year my little sister, Marty Marie Melody, was born, the third daughter to Frank and Esther Melody, my Georgia farm family. Back then, farm girls had to pull more than our weight, but we Melody girls were as tough as we were pretty. From sunrise to sunset, and often under the moonlight itself, we would sing our hearts out while working. I can still see us now, out there in that field under the full Georgia moon. Ours was a good life; we worked hard, ate well, and attended the little white church two times a week. It wasn't long before we were singing more than the preacher was preaching. People would come from miles around to hear our soulful songs of the south. Annie, who was always flipping her hair, could really belt out the notes, and Marty and I could harmonize like a couple of Blue Jays on a cool summer's night. Yeah, life was good. That is, until 1929. I was 14 years old, Annie 16, and Marty 12. It was the beginning to the end it seemed, or maybe just the beginning, but one thing for sure; our lives would never be the same!
4544 ::: Immaculate Deception (2019) ::: The "Godfather of Conspiracy" and ex-CIA operative, John Lear (disinherited heir to the Lear Jet aviation empire) takes us on a journey down the rabbit hole. With unprecedented access to this enigmatic man and those who surround him, the world has yet to hear these philosophies and confessions.
4545 ::: "Gospel Classics" (2011) ::: SABC 2's new flagship gospel programme. Join energetic presenters Linda Sibiya and Bongani Nchang featuring the Gospel Classics Band as they invite various gospel artists onto the show and take South Africa down memory lane. The show closes with the charismatic Pastor Sthembiso Zondo who delivers nuggets of wisdom which will leave audiences wanting more.
4546 ::: Egg (????) ::: A youth-orientated thriller set in the very near future. A group of teens are recruited to test an astonishing new cell phone: the Egg. With a contact lens in the eye that connects each user to everyone and everything, the group soon discovers that the Egg is far more than just a phone. But with this awesome gift comes a terrifying curse: someone is using the Egg to control the teens. Amy realizes she must fight to rescue her boyfriend Dennis from the Egg's deadly grip, and finds herself battling the ultimate in artificial intelligence - the Singularity itself.
4547 ::: Ovoce stromu rajských jíme (1970) ::: In the garden of a pension, Eva and her husband Josef are enjoying a siesta. Here, they meet with the lonesome, mysterious-looking Robert. During play, a key falls out of Robert's pocket. The curious Eva picks it up and sets off on an expedition. In Robert's room, she finds a briefcase soiled with mud, which Robert had forgotten by her parsley patch before, and in it, a date-stamp. Soon afterwards, she learns that another victim of an unknown murderer of women has been found, with a number and date stamped on her forehead. Eva concludes that the murderer must be Robert.
4548 ::: Upon This Rock (2013) ::: An examination of monastery life around a one hundred thirty foot rock outcrop upon which a monk hopes to live and become the first stylite there in six hundred years. This is a featurette and prologue for "The Stylite" an experimental documentary still in development.
4549 ::: Odd Brodsky (2014) ::: Audrey Brodsky quits her dreary desk job to follow her childhood dream of becoming an actress. When she meets an aspiring cameraman on the internet and moves in with a sexy new roommate, the adventure of her life finally begins. Insider jokes about living in Los Angeles bring forth social commentary about the importance we place on celebrity. But below the jokes lie a bittersweet story that is both inspiring and realistic. We are reminded that happiness has little to do with fame, and that we long to be connected; connected to ourselves, each other and the world. Winner of 20 festival awards, this quirky, 'Wes Anderson (I)' (qv) inspired large-scale, micro-budget comedy boasts over 30 locations, 80 music cues including a mandolin score, and a cast of more than 50 speaking roles, the majority of whom are women. The Hollywood Times declares "You will fall in love with the characters and laugh to the end.
4550 ::: Xiang hun nu (1993) ::: If money can't buy happiness, can it at least buy control over others? Xiang is hard-working, running a small sesame oil business. Her husband is lazy and drinks; her son is blood simple. When Japanese investors provide capital to expand Xiang's business, she has the wealth to raise her social standing and buy a wife for her son, Dunzi. When money and a forceful personality fail to bend others to her will, including daughter-in-law Huanhuan, Xiang must find another way to tranquillity.
4551 ::: Hollywood Dreams (1994) ::: Lou Bughetti is making a cheesy movie with lots of nudity. Sara wants to be in it and is willing to do just about anything to get in. Veronica wants to be a real actress, but is reluctantly willing to do nudity. Steve wants in for the fringe benefits, and he likes the make-up lady. Robby would prefer to be a DJ.
4552 ::: Farishtay (1991) ::: Gayetri lives with two close male friends, who she considers her brothers by the names of Veeru and Dheeru, who are small-time thieves, and con men, and are known to the local police. When Gayetri meets and falls in love with Police Inspector Arjun Thanghe, the duo are delighted and arrange her marriage with great pomp and ceremony. Arjun is then assigned duties to a distant village, which is facing oppression at the hands of Raja Jaichand, who refuses to accept the Indian Government nor even acknowledge it, and rules the region like a dictator. Arjun attempts to set things right, but is killed in the process, and Gayetri loses her mind. Gayetri does find her way to contact her brothers, and is horrified to find them in the employ of the person who has killed her husband, none other than Jaichand.
4553 ::: Unter Männern - Schwul in der DDR (2012) ::: This documentary feature addresses the question of how gay men lived and could live their lives under 'real socialism', where GDR ideology considered homosexuality to be a remnant of bourgeois decadent morality and harmful to a socialist society. In that film we meet six men who talk openly about their social and intimate experiences, some for the first time, and get to know several individuals who could hardly be more diverse, or more contradictory. At one end of the scale is Frank Schäfer, a barber and a shrewd and resourceful individualist; at the other, Eduard Stapel, an academic theologist who founded a GDR-wide network of homosexual associations and upon whom the Stasi firmly set its sights. Even though homosexuality had not been punished since the 1950s, the conspiracy of silence, the condemnation, the pressure to conform to society and to sexual discretion remained. This story introduces us to a number of strong and - for all their pain - spirited men who were obliged to come to terms with their homosexuality alone, each with their own very different strategies for survival and adjustment.
4554 ::: Hands of a Stranger (1962) ::: A surgeon must graft new hands on a concert pianist to replace his badly mangled ones. However, after the operation, the pianist comes to believe that his new hands have a mind of their own, and are trying to force him to commit evil acts.
4555 ::: Il fornaretto di Venezia (1963) ::: Venice 1507:.Charged with a noble's murder, a young baker will be judged by the Doges;what can he expect from men who 've got the whole city in their hands? An aristocrat ,Princess Sofia, investigates: the elements fit together as in a domino game,and inexorably lead to an unbearable conclusion;unbearable for the Patricians who practice a travesty of a trial.They are wearing masks as they bring in the verdict.
4556 ::: Cold December (2007) ::: Chris Payton is a twenty-something everyman; he's married, no kids, lives in the suburbs of Chicago, has a nine to five job and he hates every minute of it. In the weeks leading up to Christmas, he decides to do something about job, his friends, his everything. So, as his world unravels around him, his frustration hits its peak. And, when he fights with his wife, the only person who truly understands him, Chris finds himself alone. Cold December is a modern tale of a man going through a quarter-life crisis and the path he chooses to go down. In the end, he must chose to sit back and watch his life happen to him, or live it fully.
4557 ::: Perdoa-me Por Me Traíres (1980) ::: Glorinha, a middle-class 15 year old girl, always thought her mother Judite had killed herself, and that her father Gilberto has gone crazy as result. Her friend Nair takes her to a high-class bordello, where she wants to work. When uncle Raul, who raised her, discovers her prostitution, he decides to finally tell her all the truth about her parents' story. In Rio de Janeiro, the orphan girl Glorinha is raised by his conservative uncle Raul in a rigid discipline. Glorinha has a childhood trauma since her mother Judite committed suicide when she was two years old and her father Gilberto was sent to a mental institution. When her friend Nair, who is a young prostitute, invites Glorinha to work in the brothel of Madame Luba that is specialized in juvenile prostitution, Glorinha has a sex program with her neighbor, the old Congressman Jubileu. Then Nair tells Glorinha that she is pregnant and need to make an abortion. Glorinha goes with Nair to the doctor, but there is an accident and Nair loses lots of blood. Raul is called by the clinic and learns that Glorinha is prostituting herself. He summons the girl and decides to tell the truth about the death of her mother.
4558 ::: The Untouched Hope (2012) ::: Scott is down on his luck, no job, no money, no prospects. That is until a fateful encounter brings his world crashing down even more. It is then that Scott starts meeting people who in their own way start to help Scott. This movie is about what do you hope for when all hope is lost.
4559 ::: Ploy (2007) ::: Every relationship has an expiration date. Every relationship needs its fantasies...some more real than others... A violent death of a relative brings Wit and his wife, Dang, back to Bangkok from America, where they own a Thai restaurant, for the first time in 7 years. As soon as they arrive in Bangkok at 5.30 am. Wit and Dang check into a five-star hotel downtown. Wit finds out that he is out of cigarettes once they are inside the room. He goes down to the lobby bar. After getting his pack of cigarette from the bartender Wit decides to order a cup of coffee and smoke his cigarette there. The girl from the table in the dark corner comes to Wit to ask if she could borrow his lighter. Wit hands her his lighter. Then she asks if she could borrow one cigarette too. The girl sits down and lights up one of his cigarettes and they somehow strike up a conversation. Wit learns that her name is PLOY. This is how our little tale of love and jealousy begins. A highly detailed psychological drama with three strangers locked inside one hotel room. It starts with subtle suspicions and builds up to hilarious jealousy, as the appearance of the young woman triggers the couple to suddenly realize how they had grown apart in their seven-year marriage, before reaching a devastating climax. In the final act, the couple is faced with the choice of going separate ways or turns around and embraces each other for a new beginning.
4560 ::: The Western Snowy Plover: Natural History and Recovery (2017) ::: A beautiful and in-depth portrait of the threatened Western Snowy Plover, its natural history and the stories of the people who have been working hard to bring the species back from the brink up and down our west coast. The film also makes a compelling case for the importance of sharing the bird's beach habitat, a simple thing to do while enjoying our California beaches, and appreciating these fascinating birds in the wild.
4561 ::: Rokkuauto (2009) ::: Hiroshi is lost, on the road, driving aimlessly by himself, radio blaring, when he slowly realizes he is nowhere. He doesn't know exactly where he is, and reflects that he doesn't even have a specific destination. The feeling of loss lingers around him. On the way, he encounters a projection of a more violent self, seething with hatred and viciousness. A hurried mother busy with a million things at once, Shoko is trying to cope with her six-year-old son Keita at the supermarket. She tells him to stay put in the car while she goes back to pick something up; he secretly slips out, however, stealing some change from the car to get a snack expressly forbidden to him earlier. Prize in hand, he rushes back before mom returns. He manages to get back just in time, and hides the snack in the glove compartment as he spies Shoko approaching some ways off. However, she passes him by without noticing. Keita starts to see that something is wrong. At that moment, Hiroshi, having stopped off, walks up to the car and motions to open the door. Keita has made a mistake: his mother's car and Hiroshi's are exactly the same... This chance encounter unfolds into a journey, and begins to bring Hiroshi back from his dry emotionalism's, triggering fragmented flashbacks of his shocking past; it also heralds a little change in himself.
4562 ::: Bering Sea Gold: Back to the Dredge (2012) ::: This special previews the upcoming summer season of Bering Sea Gold. The crews are back with new dredges, new divers, and something to prove. Some will find their fortune. But for others, old hostilities and new frustrations will make tragedy inevitable.
4563 ::: Il pino azzurro (1983) ::: Marco De Vally, un giovane aristocratico, decadente e poeta, viene trovato morto nella sua camera da letto. Omicidio o suicidio? L'ispettore Fabio Russo, incaricato delle indagini, comincia ad investigare partendo da un breve poema che la vittima stava componendo, "Il PINO AZZURRO", che contiene oscure allusioni nei riguardi di personaggi famosi e potenti. Altri indizi sono offerti da Luca Porri, inquietante e folle psicoanalista e da Sarah Pierce, fidanzata della vittima, che mette l'ispettore sulle tracce di un colossale traffico di armi e di droga. Scoppia uno scandalo e molti politici ed affaristi vengono arrestati, oltretutto, anche con l'accusa dell'omicidio di Marco, anche se l'assassino materiale non viene trovato. Alla fine l'ispettore resta deluso e disgustato e quando trova una lettera di addio del giovane che annuncia il proprio suicidio a causa dell'irrequieto amore di Sarah, decide di far sparire la lettera. Marco De Vally, a young decayed aristocrat and poet, has been found dead in his room. Suicide or murder ? Police inspector Fabio Russo starts his investigations from a short poem the victim was writing: IL PINO AZZURRO (The blue pine tree), which contains some obscure hints at famous and important people. Other alarming clues are given by Luca Porri, the victim's disquieting and somehow mad psychoanalyst, and Sarah Pierce, Marco's former lover, who put P.I. on the track of a colossal traffic in arms and drug. Eventually, the scandal breaks out: several politicians and financiers are arrested and charged with trafficking in arms and drug and with Marco's murder, which they confess even if the actual killer can't be found. When P.I. Russo hits on Marco's farewell letter announcing his suicide for Sarah's unrequited love, he throws it away.
4564 ::: Nikoletina Bursac (1964) ::: The mother of a national hero Nikoletina Bursac leads an imaginary conversation with the statue of her deceased son. We follow events from Nikoletina's life and war: his joining of the partisans together with his neighbor Jovica Jez, meeting with the small Jewish girl Erna who survived the slaughter of her village, constant quarrels and friendship with commander Pirgo and commissar Zlatko, meeting with Curetak and their unsuccessful love relationship.
4565 ::: The Power and the Prize (1956) ::: This melodrama starring Robert Taylor and Burl Ives was directed by Henry Koster. An American business executive working in England wants to marry European refugee Elizabeth Mueller, but he is warned by his boss that such things just aren't done. Taylor digs in his heels and eventually finds support from his less hidebound fellow executives. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design and was the first feature-length movie in black-and-white CinemaScope.
4566 ::: Expulsion (2018/I) ::: Scott and Vincent are top recruits at the prestigious Cicero Market Technologies Corporation where they are tasked with the development and implementation of cutting edge technologies. The sole purpose of their work is to bring about medical, environmental and physics advancements. However, beaten by their own curiosity, the pair begin to sneak their work home with them. They push the boundaries of particle collision science to undiscovered levels stumbling upon a parallel universe complete with an alternate version of Scott. As their days and nights unfold they begin to discover that others seek their tech to advance their own agendas. Agendas that they intend to fulfill at any cost.
4567 ::: Eréndira (1983) ::: While Erendira, a beautiful teenage girl, has a surreal mystical vision, her grandmother's house catches on fire and burns to the ground. Her grandmother holds Erendira responsible and, in order to extract restitution from the girl, forces her into prostitution. Erendira's surreal mystical experiences continue while her grandmother grows rich from exploiting her.
4568 ::: Fleshburn (1984) ::: A soldier who deserted because of spiritual beliefs was tried and evaluated by four psychiatrists, and they all concluded that he was unable to distinguish right from wrong, so he was sentenced to a mental hospital. One day, he escapes and kidnaps them and leaves them all in the middle of the desert.
4569 ::: Balance of Power (1996) ::: A martial arts expert who runs a dojo for under-privileged kids from a dilapidated warehouse is shaken down by gangsters demanding protection money. Then when one of his students is gunned down in the street by the gang, he swears revenge. Meanwhile the gang leader is setting up a death match between the best fighters and is forcing a former trainer to find a new champion by threatening his granddaughter.
4570 ::: SCW Florida: Brutal Battle 2004 (2004) ::: SCW Brutal Battle 2004 was an event produced by SCW Florida. The card featured two main events including Walker vs Corino and the Brutal Battle match.
4571 ::: Leaning Into the Wind: Andy Goldsworthy (2017) ::: Sixteen years after the release of the ground-breaking film Rivers and Tides - Andy Goldsworthy Working with Time director Thomas Riedelsheimer has returned to work with the artist. Leaning into the Wind - Andy Goldsworthy follows Andy on his exploration of the layers of his world and the impact of the years on himself and his art. As Goldsworthy introduces his own body into the work it becomes at the same time even more fragile and personal and also sterner and tougher, incorporating massive machinery and crews on his bigger projects. Riedelsheimer's exquisite film illuminates Goldsworthy's mind as it reveals his art.
4572 ::: "Don't Come Last by SnG Comedy" (2017) ::: Don't Come Last is a game show where the boys from SnG comedy compete against each other in fun, silly and most ridiculously games with the sole objective of not coming last. What happens if they come last? They get punished in imaginative, harsh and downright humiliating ways. Hey, it's not like the shows title didn't warn them. Oh and it's funny.
4573 ::: Garbage! The Revolution Starts at Home (2007) ::: Take your average urban family the Mcdonalds and ask them to keep every scrap of garbage they create for three months. Then take them on a journey to show them where it all goes and how it affects the world outside. From table scraps to the stuff they flush down the potty to the air pollution created by driving the kids to school to leaving the lights on, the Mcdonalds discover that for every action there's a reaction that vastly affects them and the planet. Life under a microscope has never been so revealing and shocking for the Mcdonald family of five and for those who dare to watch their trashy odyssey.
4574 ::: Dandelion Man (2007) ::: Dandelion Man is the story of John Harper. A man drifting through life self-absorbed and unaware of the damage he inflicts upon those close to him. That is however, until he is forced to come to terms with his own damaged past and crippling baggage.
4575 ::: Leslie Caron: The Reluctant Star (2016) ::: Leslie Caron, beloved star of Gigi and An American in Paris, reveals secrets of her work and life - a world of contradictions, ambitions, and dreams, lived by one of the most luminous personalities of Hollywood's Golden Age. Discovered by Gene Kelly when she was a teenager, she became one of the great talents in the worlds of film, dance, and theatre, still performing to this day.
4576 ::: Wide Open Town (1941) ::: Hoppy and the boys come to the lawless town of Gunsight looking for their rustled cattle. When he breaks up Belle Langtry's gang's attempt to wreck the local printing press, he is made Sheriff. He sets a trap that snares one of the rustlers. Then he lets him go figuring he will lead him to the rest of the gang and the stolen cattle.
4577 ::: Wenn die Mondblume singt (2004) ::: After 25 Year in exile, Faruk Hosseini, a young journalist and filmmaker, visits his country for the first time, after he left in the early eighties. It is a personal trip through Kabul where Hosseini meets other exile-afghans and citizens, who stood there during the wars. His optimistic view and his interview partners show an image of Afghanistan besides the news-angles. Hosseini shows pride, hope and the still existing positivity in a region of destruction.
4578 ::: Lake Los Angeles (2014) ::: Francisco, a middle-aged Cuban exile working at a holding house for illegal immigrants crosses paths with Cecilia, a 10 year old Mexican girl who has crossed the border without her family.
4579 ::: Coney Island's for the Birds (2008) ::: Intrigue and excitement, steroid testing and cutthroat competition... No, it isn't the Kentucky Derby - it's pigeon racing! The sport rages on deep in the heart of Brooklyn. Coney Island's for the Birds follows Larry and Anthony Martire, a father and son pigeon racing team, through the ups and downs of the racing season. They take us on a journey through the pre-race selection and training of pigeons, to the drive and release (up to 500 hundred miles away) of the birds, and finally, to the tense wait for their return to see who will take home the big prize. Throughout all of the excitement, we get a glimpse into their special father/son relationship, bonded by years of a shared pastime and love for their amazing rooftop creatures.
4580 ::: Unos granujas decentes (1980) ::: A sympatic nun arrives at a convent that is the object of the greed of some real estate speculators. But she is the one to confront them by all means she can use.
4581 ::: Koto (2016) ::: Chieko Sanda has operated a dry goods store in Kyoto for the past 20 years. Her family has owned the store for generations. Chieko is conflicted on whether her daughter Mai will take over her position with the changing of times. Mai is a college student and has not decided whether to take another job or take over the dry goods store. Meanwhile, Mitsuko Nakata runs a forestry in the outskirts of Kyoto. Mitsuko is Chieko Sanda's twin sister, but they were separated at an early age. Mitsuko is in serious financial difficulties. Mituko's daughter, Yui, has talent in art and she goes to France. There, Yui feels a sense of powerlessness. Mitsuko notices and goes to Paris to see her daughter. Mai travels to Paris to take part in an event to show Japanese culture.
4582 ::: Letters to Zohra (2012) ::: Ahmed Kathrada (1929) was born in South-Africa as the son of Indian immigrants. For years, he dedicated himself to the struggle for freedom, without using violence. In 1964, he and Nelson Mandela were sentenced to life imprisonment. He was released in 1989. The film tells Kathrada's exceptional life story, partly based on his own story looking back and the letters he wrote at the time on Robben Island.
4583 ::: Children of the Night (1991) ::: Cindy and Lucy are eighteen and going away to college. As a ritual they must rid themselves of the dirt of their small home town (Allburg) by swimming in an abandoned church crypt. They jump in and begin talking about sex when Lucys crucifix falls into the water and drifts down to land on Czakyr's (an ancient vampire) head, apparently waking him up. Some time on-wards a school teacher from a nearby town, Mark, gets directed to Allburg to help Lucy and her grandmother, who are suspected to be in trouble. Lucy becomes the target of a town turned vampire because of her 'virgin blood'. Mark, Lucy and an old wino shack up in an abandoned building outside of town but eventually get lured back to Allburg by the locals. There, with a giant glowing cross spearing the front of their Toyota, they take the town on and battle Czakyr. They win and life is restored to its original normalcy. In the quiet town of Allburg, USA, Lucy Barret and her grandmother Hillary Barret welcome Lucy's friend Cindy Thompson, who lives with her mother Karen Thompson in River Junction and will spend a couple of days with Lucy. Cindy invites Lucy to go to swim in the crypt of the church on the Cherry Street, in River Junction, in a weird ritual. When the teenagers are swimming, an evil creature is revived and attacks Cindy. Later, in River Junction, Father Frank Alden summons his friend and school teacher Mark Gardner and shows Cindy and Karen locked in a room turned into vampires. Father Alden asks Mark to travel to Allburg to find the source of vampirism. Mark arrives late night at Hillary's house and he finds that Lucy is trapped in her room since her grandmother has also turned into a vampire. Sooner Mark and Lucy learn that the locals of Allburg has turned into vampires by the ancient vampire Czakyr, who is thirsty of the virgin blood of Lucy, and the only chance to save the dwellers is destroying the powerful vampire.
4584 ::: Troupers (2011) ::: What's the craziest career choice anyone can make and spend over 60 years pursuing that path? Saratoga Ballantine and Dea Lawrence's documentary Troupers profiles actors over 80 in Hollywood giving new meaning to the phrase, "hang in there." Troupers takes a humorous look at how this fearless group survived parental disapproval, the black list, poverty, divorce, rejection, disappointment, depression, bad acting coaches, critics, nasty casting directors, and decades of auditions to do what they wanted to do: Act.
4585 ::: I Will Not Be Silenced (2015) ::: The journey of one woman's fight for the rights of rape victims in Kenya. A personal quest for justice after Charlotte is gang raped becomes a campaign for women's rights. Charlotte's courageous actions are giving Kenyan women strength to confront Nairobi's rape epidemic.
4586 ::: Neko Râmen Taishô (2008) ::: William Thomas Jefferson III, an American Shorthair cat, is a failure at being a model like his famous father. Escaping his father's abuse, "Jeff III" tries to make his own way in the world, but finds it difficult to keep a job (being a cat creates issues). He is saved from the brink of suicide by humble ramen chef. Believing he has found his true calling, "Jeff III" opens his own ramen shop, adopting the moniker "Taisho" (Master). Business -- and his ramen -- isn't particularly good, but he manages to eke out a living, and even finds a love interest. However, when a rival ramen shop opens on the same block, Taisho faces the biggest challenge of his life -- especially when he learns who the "Shogun" is that runs it. Based on the comic strip by Kenji Sonishi.
4587 ::: Captain Thunderbolt (1955) ::: Adventurer Fred Ward is sentenced to hard labour for horse theft, escapes, and becomes a bushranger under the name of Captain Thunderbolt. Stealing mainly from squatters, he quickly becomes notorious. Sergeant Mannix is assigned to capture him dead or alive, eventually trapping him. After a long gun-fight, Mannix finds he has killed Thunderbolt's friend Alan Blake, and that Thunderbolt has escaped. Mannix passes off Blake's body as Thunderbolt's but the legend persists that Thunderbolt still roams free.
4588 ::: Everybody Comes to Maxy's (2015) ::: The year is 1933. December. New York City. Maxy is the owner of an illegal night club during the times of prohibition. He hears rumors of prohibition ending and plans on reopening his club as a legit business, but his rival is trying to stop him at any cost. In the meantime Clara and Mace aren't happy with their engagement, which Mace has to deal with when he falls in love with Loraine.
4589 ::: The Dog Who Saved Christmas (2009) ::: The Bannister family's new addition, Zeus (voiced by Mario Lopez of TV's SAVED BY THE BELL), the yellow Labrador, appears to be less than the dependable guard dog the family needs. However, when two burglars set out to break into the Bannister's home while they're away for Christmas, Zeus seizes the chance to be a hero, proving every dog - even this one - has his day. Dean Cain (TV's LOIS & CLARK), Gary Valentine (TV's THE KING OF QUEENS), Elisa Donovan (CLUELESS, TV's SABRINA THE TEENAGE WITCH), Mindy Sterling (AUSTIN POWERS), and Adrienne Barbeau (MAUDE, CARINVALE) also lend their voices in this heart-warming animated holiday movie.
4590 ::: An Alan Smithee Film: Burn Hollywood Burn (1997) ::: Director Alan Smithee comes to Hollywood to make a movie. Due to a variety of factors, he decides to disown it and direct it under a pseudonym. Unfortunately, the Director's Guild requires that if a director disowns a movie in this fashion, he *must* use the official Director's Guild pseudonym...which happens to be Alan Smithee. Acclaimed film editor Alan Smithee's dream comes true when Challenger Films contracts him to direct a new action-adventure, "Trio." The fledgling filmmaker jumps at the chance to direct Whoopi Goldberg, Jackie Chan, and Sylvester Stallone. Little does he realize that he is but a puppet - the company president and executive producer have hired him just to pull his strings. From the first "Roll 'em" to the final cut, the bigwigs keep Smithee out of the loop. To his utter dismay, he finds his name attached to a monster-piece! What's more, he can't even hide behind a fake name because he really IS "Alan Smithee," the pseudonym that disgruntled filmmakers use to replace their own on movies bad enough to destroy their reputations. In desperation, Smithee swipes the master reels and goes into hiding. Aided by the Brothers Brothers, black filmmakers replete with indie cred but short on major studio deals, Smithee faces the ultimate challenge: to negotiate an agreement to re-edit the movie in his own style, or burn the film and his own career along with it.
4591 ::: Der Doppelgänger (2009) ::: A man is rushing to catch a train and travels, in this ordinary vehicle, through his inner landscape, his own self. Different identities exchange control over the up-to-now forgotten images of his past, and as the journey continues the boundaries between observer and observed begin to blur. Protagonist and puppet master, bound by a terrible secret.
4592 ::: In Heaven There Is No Beer? (1984) ::: The polka culture in the United States is presented. Largely associated as being Polish in nature, the strong polka culture today is primarily an American phenomenon, it having largely died off in Central Europe except in rural areas. Polka festivals have sprung up across the country, getting longer and longer each successive year based on demand. Beyond its Central European origins, the polka in the United States has morphed, adding other elements, such as other dances including the swing, and religion. Devotees explain the reason they love the culture so much, some likening it to a less dangerous form of a drug. And with a large proportion of those participating in polka and polka events being of the younger generations, the polka "fad" does not seem like it will soon die.
4593 ::: The Washington Affair (1977) ::: An unscrupulous businessman tries to win a government contract by playing up to the engineer assigned to review the project. He comes to the engineer's hotel room to offer him money, all the while secretly filming the proceedings with a hidden camera. Meanwhile the engineer, unhappily married to an alcoholic, uses the hotel room to continue his affair with the businessman's attractive young wife.
4594 ::: Leh Wi Tok (Let Us Talk) (2011) ::: Can a single voice over the radio move listeners beyond the pain and anger of recent memories of violence that pit neighbors against each other, the exploitation of child soldiers, unimaginable atrocities, and the displacement of millions? For the people of Sierra Leone, a nation struggling to repair itself after more than a decade of war, the answer to that question comes in the simple Krio phrase "Leh Wi Tok" (Let us talk). "Leh Wi Tok" is a documentary film that highlights the story of radio pioneer Andrew Kromah and his unrelenting quest to grow an independent network of community-based radio stations in his country so that peace and democracy can flourish. In a country where the only direction left is forward, open communication is a necessity, and in Sierra Leone, radio is a critical tool in that communication. For a nation working to heal itself, for a people working to heal their community, radio is everything.
4595 ::: Un mondo d'amore (2002) ::: In 1949, schoolteacher Pier Paolo Pasolini is accused of statutory rape. No complaint has been lodged: the carabinieri act only basing themselves on rumors going around. As a result, Pier Paolo is both excluded from the communist party and banned from teaching. Forced to leave Friuli, he chooses to go to Rome. His mother, who has accompanied him, becomes a cleaning lady there but, for his part, the young man cannot find work.
4596 ::: Design for Death (1947) ::: An Academy Award winner for best documentary, the film opens with a notice that..."Exhibition of confiscated Japanese film material authorized by permission of the Alien Property Custodian in the public interest under License No. LM 979"...and was assembled from hundreds of captured newsreels, historical dramas and propaganda films. While revealing the steps that Japan took that led to Pearl Harbor, it goes back 700 years to the feudal caste system, a peasant revolt suppressed after the Samurai murdered over 40,000 people, to Admiral Perry forcibly opening Japan to foreign trade, to the perversion of converting the Shinto religion of nature-worship to that of a fanatic state creed that preached the Japanese were a Master Race and the Emperor was a sun-god to be blindly obeyed. The film carried no credit for a director, while Richard Fleischer shared the Producer credit with Theron Warth.
4597 ::: Schatten der Nacht (1950) ::: Elga's life with Magnus, her husband, would be a happy one if Struwe, her former lover, had not resurfaced and started to blackmail her.For a while, he has been extorting money from her, threatening, if she didn't, to reveal all the details about their past life. In desperation, Elga decides to disappear and goes to another town where, forsaken and forlorn, she sinks lower and lower. One day, Magnus, who has not forgotten her, meets her by chance. And he falls in love with this stray creature who reminds him of the one who left him so suddenly...
4598 ::: O Convite ao Prazer (1980) ::: The dentist Luciano has sex after hours with Sonia on the dental chair. Out of the blue, his old friend Marcelo appears in his office with a problem in one tooth, and Luciano invites him to have sex with Sonia, who is actually a call-girl. Marcelo and Luciano have not seen each other for many years, and Luciano tells that he is still married with Anita and he loves her. Marcelo tells that he is married with Ana and he is bored with his second wife. In retribution, the wealthy Marcelo invites Luciano to come to his apartment to have sex with women on the next afternoon. Luciano lies to Anita and tells that he needs to go to the doctor. On the next day, Marcelo receives the visit of his daughter while working with his secretaries Laura and Ms. Harriet. The girl asks his father to give a job to her friend Gina, who needs to work, and Marcelo hires her for translations. Then he meets Luciano and brings first the whore Mariana for his friend and then two other call-girls for them. Luciano arrives late at home and Anita finds his behavior strange. On the next morning, the servant Dora tells Luciano that Anita has traveled to visit her mother. Luciano schedules another encounter with Marcelo that brings Harriet, Laura and Gina to have sex with them. However, Anita and her friend follow Luciano and his wife finds the truth about Marcelo's apartment and plots a revenge against her unfaithful husband.
4599 ::: Jazz Legends: George Shearing (1981) ::: This film was recorded live at the Ambassador Auditorium Pasadena, 1981 and features George Shearing - Piano Brian Torff - Bass. Few musicians in the history of jazz have made such a lasting popular and world-wide impression as pianist George Shearing. Deified in the 1950s by Jack Kerouac in the novel On The Road, Shearing moved from early success in his native Britain to postwar New York where he captured the spirit of successive jazz generations and created a permanent place for himself in the Hall of Fame with his quintet's September in the Rain and his own quintessentially hip composition Lullaby of Birdland.
4600 ::: Die blauen Schwerter (1949) ::: A biography of Johann Friedrich Böttger, who in 1709 invented the first white porcelain in Europe. The apprentice apothecary and assistant to a "gold producer" fled from the Prussian King - into Saxony. But there he finds King Frederick August the Strong after him: the young man is told to produce gold for the king, and is thus brought to a fortress and equipped with everything he would need for the task. Naturally, Böttger has known for a while that actual gold production is a myth and instead experiments with porcelain; it should be as white as it is in China, he figures. Once he finally succeeds in surprising the King with the "white gold," he vainly hopes for freedom... a tragic error.
4601 ::: Adeline la Mosaiste (2016) ::: Portragram is a project created and produced by Oz Yilmaz in association with Pelicula Films. Its aim is to build a visual documentation on the prominent artists who have made an impact in the arts. We hope you will enjoy these portraits. This portrait of Adeline la Mosaiste is a look into the life an artist and her work.
4602 ::: Impeccable Aka Masoom (2004) ::: Nomi, an eight year old boy from neighboring orphanage, was a friend to Mano (cat), Mithu (parrot) and other birds in Sultana's house. He used to jump in her garden and talk to the birds secretly. One day Sultana saw him from back and complained to the in-charge but could not mention who it was. In-charge could not help. Sultana then arranged to have fence on the walls to save her birds. When Nomi watches it he jumps in again to steal at least one bird before the fencing stops his way. Unfortunately, Sultana catches him and hand him over to In-charge who punishes him severely. Next morning, Sultana gets amazed to see neither of birds or cat ate anything. She goes to Orphanage and asks if she can borrow Nomi for some outing, which is refused by In-charge. She then asks her brother to speak someone influential to adopt Nomi. Nomi is being adopted and starts living happily with Sultana, who herself didn't marry to raise and educate her siblings. Now when they all were well settled, she enjoys her life with adopted son Nomi. In the meantime, Nomi's grandfather come to orphanage and claims for him. In-charge takes him to Sultana who is surprised and shocked to see him. She doesn't return home after school and goes to her brother Nasir, who tells her to return Nomi. Nasir gets a call from In-charge and Sultana escapes from his home with Nomi. She passes time outside and doesn't return home. They give ads on TV and press, she returns home in night one day and asks Nomi to lock the gate from outside and jump inside. Sultana gets sick but doesn't go to doctor. They remain locked inside until the water finishes at home and Sultana is so sick that Nomi couldn't bear anymore and goes out to get her a glass of water. Outside, In-charge and grandfather see him and follow him. When he arrives back, Sultana is sitting still in bed with eyes open. He tries to wake her up thinking she will speak until In-charge arrives on spot and finds Sultana dead.
4603 ::: Class of '62: From 16 to 60 (2008) ::: This film offers a fascinating insight into the lives of six school friends, who are among the first baby-boomers to turn 60. All born in 1946, these spunky working class Yorkshire-women have lived, loved, laughed and cried their way through the Swinging Sixties to the Naughty Nineties. Marilyn Gaunt started filming them in 1983 at a 21-year Reunion she had organised for the 27 girls of her class. It was the start of a 25 year journey, capturing the lives of classmates Sally - the class "star", Denise - the rebel, Margaret - the boy magnet, Dorothy - the quiet one, Gillian - the early leaver, and Katy - the class clown. In the first film they were pushing 40, and she returned to make a second film in 1995, as they approached their Fifties. Now, as they all turn 60 and can collect their pensions, she catches up with her old friends one last time. Class of '62- From 16 to 60 Since 1995 their lives have taken very different paths. Only two remain in Leeds and three now live abroad. Partners have been lost, new ones found, hopes dashed and hopes fulfilled. Their lives are more captivating than many Soaps. Using archive from two previous films and new footage, the film looks back over the 45 years since they all left school, and forward as these ordinary, yet extraordinary women face the future.
4604 ::: Fury (????/III) ::: After his stretch in prison from being double crossed during a heist, Danny must now confront the new breed on the roads, the boy racers whose lack of respect causes concern. As the fight intensifies, so does the drama and even his parole officer, Jenny, must make a crucial decision, stand by Danny or go back to the ranks of law enforcement
4605 ::: Bleeding Coney (2008) ::: A man has a vision and must follow it, and it leads him to Coney Island. He follows the commercial oriented creatures in his mind which lead him to Coney Island. They destroy and create a new Coney Island before his eyes. He continues forth, feeling disgusted and ends up digging up more mayhem. In the end, he only has his mind to deal with this development nightmare of Coney Island and kills off the demons for the moment.
4606 ::: Lion's Den (2016) ::: Chelsea has just tweeted something really funny. At least she thought it was funny, the rest of the world vehemently disagrees and is letting her know it. In a panic, she bursts in to see her therapist Dr. Cowan to plead her innocence and prove she's not the vapid person the world thinks she is - or is she?
4607 ::: Notorious B.I.G. Bigger Than Life (2007) ::: The greatest rapper to ever pick up a mic - with his velvety flow and unparalleled rhyme style he captivated everyone from Jay Z to Tupac. Now Notorious B.I.G. is revealed. Hear the stories from his closest friends and some of the biggest names in Hip-Hop: Diddy, Method Man, Easy Mo Bee, Matty C, E-40, Raekwon, Common and more. See raw footage of B.I.G. free-styling on the streets of New York, rare home video footage, a never-before-seen interview with Biggie shortly before his death and undisclosed video footage from the night of his murder. From the acclaimed director who brought you Rhyme & Reason, Thug Angel, Beef, Beef II and Beef III.
4608 ::: "Making Couples Happy" (2013) ::: What are the secrets to a happy relationship? Marriages are now facing an ever growing threat of ending in separation, so finding the answers is more urgent than ever.Over eight weeks, four ordinary couples embark on a journey to happiness and relationship fulfilment. But will the science deliver when it's put to the test in the couples' day-to-day lives?
4609 ::: "Just Playing with Jason" (2013) ::: Follows Jason as he attempts to get out of his own way and meet his perfect woman. Unfortunately, Jason is a bit of a dork and often over does it when trying to impress the ladies. He'll use his love of research each week to attract a specific type of woman, and his friends will help him along the way.
4610 ::: Sex, Drugs & Rock 'n' Roll (2011) ::: In April 2010 a small group of ambitious local councillors embarked on the task of putting on a 2 day music festival that would be entirely funded with tax payers money. We discover the many challenges of putting on such an event not least of which the many people who apposed the event especially due to it being during times of austerity.
4611 ::: Snake Eyes (1993) ::: Eddie Israel is a moviemaker. He is beginning the shooting of "The mother of mirrors", starring Francis Burns and Sarah Jennings. "The mother of mirrors" is the story of the last night of a couple falling into decay. Eddie is very demanding with the actors, and the heavy atmosphere of the film acts upon the daily life of the protagonists. While shooting a movie in Los Angeles about the abused wife Sarah Jennings that has converted to Christian and her husband Francis Burns that misses their orgies, the New Yorker director Eddie Israel pushes his lead actor and actress to the edge affecting their real lives. Eddie has one brief affair with Sarah but he feels also affected by his work and confesses the truth about his many infidelities to his wife Mad Israel (Nancy Ferrara), blurring fiction and reality and destroying his marriage.
4612 ::: Wearing Normal (2012) ::: An adult brother and sister struggle with their mother's desire to be euthanized when her Alzheimer's becomes too advanced. Ellen, the ultra responsible, successful sister believes only God has the right to decide life and death. Erik, the ne'er-do-well, substance-abusing brother sees it as their mother's right. Dealing with this issue, coupled with the brother and sister's unresolved childhood issues takes them on a dark, though often enlightening journey through the tattered tapestry that is their life.
4613 ::: La fine del mondo nel nostro solito letto in una notte piena di pioggia (1978) ::: Candice Bergen and Giancarlo Giannini star as two people from very different worlds who fall in love in A Night Full of Rain. When romantic Italian journalist Paolo (Giannini) rescues American photographer Lizzy (Bergen) from a scuffle in an Italian village, his efforts at romance lead nowhere. But when the couple meet again in San Francisco, Paolo does succeed in wooing Lizzy. Now, can their love overcome the differences between the traditional Italian Communist and the modern, liberated American woman that threaten to tear the two apart?
4614 ::: Counseling Day (2003) ::: Spend a day in the life of your local pastor, a small-town preacher. Pastor John and his trusty side-kick, Chester, try to survive a day of counseling a steady parade of troubled parishioners as their problems go from bad to absurd.
4615 ::: Castle Dracula (2012) ::: Dracula's Castle has appeared in the middle of the night on the outside of a small village. Your pregnant wife has been abducted by Dracula's minions and taken to his castle for his evil and demonic uses. Our main hero sets off to Dracula's Castle to find his wife before its too late. The game is a Classic Point-and-Click game with many rooms, traps, puzzles and of course -- many ways to die!
4616 ::: Montezuma (2009) ::: British historian Dan Snow visits a major Lodon exhibition and many Mexican sites, first to illustrate the grandeur of the Aztec empire at its peek, under emperor Montezuma II (1466-1520), who inherited it from an uncle and installed a reign of utter terror. Then to show its downfall, at the hands of Hernan Cortez's small but militarily superior band of veteran dogs of war, who ironically turned horrified vassals against Montezuma. Dan also discusses precious sources and myths.
4617 ::: Jiban Niye Khela (1999) ::: The movie revolves around an imaginary village called Haridevpur where Dr. Subhankar Sanyal (Ranjit Mullick) arrives as the head doctor of a Dharampur State Hospital, who is a specialist in each field. He tries to break the previous rules made in an agreement between the Super, (Manoj Mitra), and Dr. Sen, (Haradhan Bandopadhyay), because of which he faces many difficulties. By creating various hardships in his daily life, the Super and Dr. Sen try to remove him from the hospital. They succeed in this act by passing out his transfer to some other place. But they were confronted by the villagers who try to prevent him from leaving the village.
4618 ::: Preparing the Ground (2017) ::: The film follows the act of preparing the ground conditions for an immediate or ongoing event in three culturally significant locations: the Spanish Riding School in Vienna, St. Mungo Museum of Religious Life and Art in Glasgow and Northumberland's Dunstanburgh Castle in the UK.
4619 ::: Wanchun qingshi (1989) ::: Chuen Yen was a newly-widowed farm girl. Under her mother's arrangement, she remarried a Mr. Chiang, son of an officer in town. Chuen Yen's purity and simplicity could not get herself accustomed to the new marriage and her often complained about being neglected. However, she fell in love with a young man who was her neighbor. They planned to run away. Her husband used his ranking friend's power to force away the young man and Chuen Yen was bitterly beaten and locked up. Chuen Yen spent 3 months in the dark room and gradually accepted the practical life arranged by her husband. Her rebellious attitude was replaced by her charming appearance. Only unconsciously would Chuen Yen had her rebellion and uneasiness glimmer in her eyes.
4620 ::: Saba (2010) ::: Avraham Ezequiel is 92 years old. He was born in Irak, educated in Singapore, then worked as a journalist for the "Palestine Bulletin" after 1929. He now offers his story to his grandson, interspersing it with quotations from Kafka and Robert Frost, readings from holy texts in Arabic, Hebrew and English and patient tending of his olive grove. This film is an unusual man's journal, through which his grandson let his voice be heard.
4621 ::: The Cold Side of the Sun (2018) ::: A multi-layered Drama about Antu, an screenwriter, who journeys into the fictional worlds of his screenplays and together with the help of his main characters; they must "Holmes" the scattered clues needed for Antu's personal redemption.
4622 ::: Gli innocenti pagano (1952) ::: Adriana Sereni (Lyda Baacova), the cast-off mistress of a rich landowner, Artesi (Mino Doro), lives in shame on his estate with her five-year-old illegitimate daughter. Enter a handsome stranger, Stefano Rella (Otello Toso), who lost his wife and daughter in the war and was a friend of Adriana's sweetheart. Love blossoms but before the happy ending Adriana almost loses her child and Artesi is murdered by a scheming servant. Director Capuano, evidently fearing some of the audience may be a bit slow, has a dog snarl every time the villain appears.
4623 ::: Bube Stur (2015) ::: The people of this remote village in the Black Forest don't talk much, but when they do, it's in the Alemannic dialect. Hanna, 21 has traveled far to work here. She shovels manure, milks cows and tries to cope with the farmer, Uwe Kiefer, 39. Rather than sell his milk, he pours it down the drain. The villagers condemn him for continuing the milk strike. Both his marriage and his finances are on the rocks. As Hanna becomes more involved in Uwe's troubles, it seems she may be his only hope. But that's not why she came here. In the neighboring town, she spies on a small family and then Uwe finds her out.
4624 ::: Lives Beyond the War (2005) ::: "Lives Beyond the War" watches and listens as five WW II veterans emotionally relate the impact of the war and military service on their lives and families. Though it visits the veterans' war years, the piece focuses on their youth, lives pursued after the war, and where they are now, all bound and influenced by the experience of "their war."
4625 ::: "Temnye labirinty proshlogo" (2013) ::: After a quarrel with her husband, Lisa leaves home. The next day she is found by her brother-in-law lying unconscious in the forest. When she comes round, it is clear that Lisa has lost her memory and will therefore have to try and resume her old way of life, but Boris, her husband seems strange and alien to her, and she cannot adapt to her daily routine. Her mind begins to be tortured by dim recollections interspersed with complete memory lapses. Lisa begins to fear she is losing her mind. In the meantime Irina, a young receptionist at the local private hospital is attacked by an unknown assailant, but a casual passerby intervenes and saves her. Could there be a link between Lisa's memory lapses and the attempt on Irina's life? There is, but the link is totally unexpected.
4626 ::: The 50 Best Horror Movies You've Never Seen (2014) ::: Fifty lesser-known horror flicks hailed by critics and genre fans as "absolute must-sees" are given the spotlight with fun, engaging commentary from journalists, directors, actors and critics in a countdown like no other. Stalkers, monsters, slashers, evil dolls, terrorized babysitters, holiday maniacs, mannequins, eerie motels, even giant rats... they're ALL featured in "The 50 Best Horror Movies You've Never Seen!"
4627 ::: Roukli (2015) ::: A small farm community is on the brink of getting swallowed by raging war. Lives of the frightened locals get shaken by the arrival of two men on the run from the mysterious, apparently vengeful Peedu. Following events delve into the fine ties of human relationships and the meaning of individual existence lurking behind them. A seemingly pessimistic premise of the film slowly turns into something much more complex - a work that depicts the frailty of deep human connection and reaffirms it as a legitimate possibility once we learn to let go.
4628 ::: Milwaukee Basic (2017) ::: An ambitious, young grad student finds herself in charge of a tiny TV station producing local programming, and must whip the station into shape if she is going to impress the bigger studios enough to transfer up. Milwaukee Basic is a TV station in the far suburbs of Milwaukee; they produce two and a half hours of local TV content on the most shoestring of budgets. One camera, two man crew, three shows. The lowest rated two hours of broadcast in the mid-West.
4629 ::: "The Boss" (2011) ::: The Boss is like no other chef he is strait out of the hood! Watch him sauté, grill and fry to hip hop beats as well as interact with traders at the local markets in Manila always with his side kick monkey by his side . Chef Bruce is not only in control of his kitchen, but is the undisputed authority when it comes to cuisine, leaving the audience with little doubt that he is indeed "The Boss"!
4630 ::: Abel Azcona: Born in Darkness (????) ::: A young and promising performance artist, Abel Azcona, decides to remain confined for 60 days in perfect isolation and darkness in a so-called "dark room" of only 6 square meters. In doing so, Abel wants to delete all previous pollution from the outer world in his personality, and be born again with a new vision. We escort him in this process in order to see what lies at the other side of the human conscience.
4631 ::: Pharisee (2018) ::: Terror and death plague a gloomy, coastal metropolis, as a vampiric entity known as 'Pharisee' feeds on the blood of the city's populous. As the police struggle to find the blood-thirsty maniac, a deranged escort named Zoe is unwillingly brought into his world in this bloody rock and roll fueled nightmare.
4632 ::: Tom Brown's School Days (1940) ::: Thomas Arnold is hired to be the new headmaster at Rugby, whose students have acquired a reputation for being wild, disruptive, and dishonest. He institutes strict disciplinary policies, and expels numerous boys as a result. Many of the teachers, trustees, and parents turn against him. Squire Brown, his most vocal supporter, decides to send his own son Tom to Rugby as a demonstration of confidence. Tom soon learns that the school is plagued by bullies, and he is frequently targeted by them. He and the other boys are hindered, though, by an unwritten understanding that none of them will ever report the misdeeds of another to the authorities.
4633 ::: La vie intermédiaire (2009) ::: The story of a meeting that should never have happened, between a domestic employee and a homosexual photographer twenty years younger than her. Their story, in an empty town in the center of France, lasts a whole Summer, a few years before year 2000. Every night, they pace up and down the streets of this town.
4634 ::: The Postwoman (????) ::: THE POSTWOMAN follows the story of a struggling single mother who, after being laid off from her position at a post office, gains her independence when she is forced to confront her husband and two young daughters about her secret life with another woman. The family drama showcases the complex and courageous act it takes to combat homophobia, racism, sexism, and the fear of the unknown. This love story is about faith and endurance. It champions healthy LGBT families (and their allies) who are thriving by chronicling the journey of a mother and daughter who come to terms with each other's choices. Set in an independent Bay Area bookstore, which is threatened to close due to the unstable economy, THE POSTWOMAN humanizes women of color who are raising healthy families and shows that unconditional love is truly the conduit and the catalyst that can change all.
4635 ::: Savannah in the Civil War (2012) ::: Combining years of historical research with fast-paced action and dizzying detail, Savannah in the Civil War includes countless rare historic images and interviews with numerous historians and experts to make this pivotal period in Savannah's history come alive.
4636 ::: Dead Walkers: Rise of the 4th Reich (2013) ::: In 1945 the Second World War came to an end and the Nazis fled. Scientists and military elite escaped across borders and found themselves in new worlds. Some fled to Russia, some the United States and others to South America. But there was another division, a forgotten group. A top secret and powerful team of men and women formed in the womb of the Nazi Occult. Now, decades after the war, their work is nearing completion. The 4th Reich is ready. It's more powerful and destructive than ever before. An army of hell is coming. Only one man knows the truth. His mission now, is to convince the world. Based on years of occult research and insider knowledge, Dead Walkers is a film packed with spies, soldiers, Nazis and secrets. But also a very dark and mysterious army raised in the pit of Nazi hell. Reports of a growing terrorist threat in Romania lead the British Secret Service to send in some of their best men, but nobody returns from the field. In a final attempt to get through, Alpha One and Alpha Five are dispatched to try and uncover the truth. What they discover is a bizarre scientific and occult training ground of neo-Nazis - descendants of Nazis who fled following their defeat in the Second World War. Over the years they have been researching the energy they call "VRIL" and utilizing it to grow an army of men and women who cannot be killed, because they're already dead. Attempting to stay under cover and out of sight, Alpha One and Alpha Five come face to face with the terror of the Nazi VRIL soldiers and witness shocking tortures and beatings used to energize the human soul. Mentally twisted, the leaders of this Nazi group are bent on taking over the world with their new VRIL army and bring about the rise of the 4th Reich.
4637 ::: Die Verlobte (1980) ::: The wrenching story of a woman sentenced in 1934 to ten years in prison for antifascist activities. The love between her and her fiancée enables her to survive the tribulations of her time in prison, where she is one of few political prisoners.
4638 ::: Takao Tanabe: A Work of Art (2010) ::: "Takao Tanabe: A Work of Art" is a biographical portrait of one of Canada's greatest painters. The film is both political and historical since Tanabe was interned in the Interior of B.C. during World War II and began painting in the early days of the American abstract expressionist movement in the late 1940's. His compelling canvasses were recently showcased in his first retrospective at the Vancouver Art Gallery. Tanabe is very direct and articulate and does not lend himself to false flattery; this film gives the audience a true sense of the man whilst at the same time they are privy to their own retrospective viewing of his remarkable body of work. Now in his early 80's, Tanabe is still avidly painting and continues to push boundaries in art.
4639 ::: The Homeboy (2001) ::: Realizing that he is dangerously close to becoming a "Where Are They Now" casualty, MC˛, an arrogant red-haired rap star from the plush New Jersey suburbs, begins plotting a comeback with the help of his management team. Shortly thereafter, onto the scene comes MC˛'s longtime musical idol, a retired old-school British rapper (Hoolie Hooligan) with a nasty reputation and a penchant for obscenely large wrenches. Disguised as a polite sink repairman (his alter ego, Wendell) Hoolie proceeds to infiltrate MC˛'s plumbing as well as his disintegrating career, with dramatic (and traumatic) results.
4640 ::: Butoh: Body on the Edge of Crisis (1990) ::: Although Butoh is often viewed as Japan's equivalent of modern dance, in actuality it has little to do with the rational principles of modernism. Butoh is a theater of improvisation which places the personal experiences of the dancer on center-stage. The dancer is used as a medium to his or her inner life, but not for the portrayal of day to day existence. A Dionysian dance of nudity, eroticism, and sexuality, Butoh's scale of expression ranges from meditative tenderness to excessive grotesqueness. By reestablishing the ancient Japanese connection of dance, music, and masks, and by recalling the Buddhist death dances of rural Japan, Butoh incorporates much traditional theater. At the same time, it is a movement of resistance against the abandonment of traditional culture to a highly organized consumer-oriented society. An alliance of tradition and rebellion, Butoh is one of the most fascinating underground dance movements. "Butoh: Body on the Edge of Crisis" is a visually striking film portrait shot on location in Japan with the participation of the major Butoh choreographers and their companies.
4641 ::: Rumplcimprcampr (1997) ::: King Valentin and his queen desire to marry off their heir, the beautiful young prince Hubertus, and use a trick to determine which suitors are true princesses: they may not be able sleep without bruising on top of a single pea, even under a pile of bedding. Meanwhile prince Hubert has secretly lost his heart to goat-herd Maria, a ruffian farmer's step-daughter, who isn't supposed to marry ever. The queen finds out and decides to help her beloved son, using the magic of Rumplcimprcampr (Chzech for Rumpelstiltskin), who can help Maria by spinning gold from straw to buy the king's blessing. Some time after the royal wedding, the magician comes to collect on her promise that he may take his pick: he demands the nearly one year-old firstborn prince and heir, to become his successor, unless his secret name Rumplcimprcampr is guessed right within a day...
4642 ::: The Man I Married (1940) ::: Anti-Nazi tract laced with 1938 newsreel footage finds American girl (Bennett) married to a German (Lederer) gradually learning he is a Nazi, trying to get their son to America. THIS FILM is an apologetic about the rising fever of nationalism as Germany takes over the neighboring countries like Poland and Austria, and the Brownshirted thugs of Hitler's dictatorship threaten everyday Germans with Treason for ordinary political commentary directed at the Government policies or Nazi Party in general. It is very prescient about the fate of the emerging war and the Prison< Dachau, as well as Dresden and Goebbels, very amazing how the film-maker saw WWII coming. There is a married couple and 9 year old son making a trip to Germany to see the man's elderly father after ten years in NYC. A friend asks them to somehow deliver bribe money that will free his own brother, a philosopher critic of the Nazis imprisoned at the Dachau concentration camp [DCC], because he himself cannot leave NYC. They see the father who owns a factory but is a film director being harassed because his films depicted the brutality and ugliness being heaped on ordinary Germans by the brown-shirted thugs, things such as the people in the Czech/Slovak part of town being physically forced to clean garbage up off the street over and over again as Nazi thugs re-dump the same garbage out of the truck again and again laughingly. One fellow even asks to change out of his suit, and reappears in the WWI UNIFORM from when he fought for Germany as a younger man, still the German thugs made him clean laughingly enjoying the spectacle, as the couple watch. When the couple are reproached by a thug in a military uniform for not laughing along, their escort states the Czechs are too stupid to laugh at and they have to hide their actual revulsion. The soldier allows them to drive on and throughout the film there are similar incidents such as the father's butler spying and passing on any comments made in the household to Party members who try to boycott and interfere with the father's business interests and clientele. The husband and wife wind up changing beliefs the husband becoming a Nazi sympathizer while the wife decides she dislikes anything Nazi and wants to return to America. The husband tries to talk his father into letting him run the factory because the father is elderly and wants to retire and leave Germany because he is not happy with Nazis and what Germany is becoming with Goebbels. There the family strife continues as the polarizing feelings cause the boy to be caught in the middle. There will be no spoiler at this point so you can watch this prophetic film of 1940 call out what may happen in Naziland, and will happen in 1942-1945 well after it was produced. Amazing, actually. Light entertainment of a very serious topic. Enjoy it, I give it 3 dings out of 5 bells.
4643 ::: 24 Hour Love (2013) ::: The greatest feeling in the world is when you learn to love! Follow the stories of seven everyday people as they experience laughter, life and matters of the heart. The all-star cast will take you through the good, the bad and the ugly of the many faces of love.
4644 ::: 2006 Los Angeles Auto Show (2006) ::: Michael Raines is the host of this show and gives the workingman's perspective of the largest show of its type on the west coast. His lighthearted take of the event is completely uninfluenced by the manufacturers. With a casual and Happy-go-lucky attitude, he brings you a witty and sometimes comical view of the vehicles and manufacturers. The show highlights technical innovations from domestic manufacturers such as Ford and Chrysler all the way to the extreme and exotic manufacturers such as Ferrari, Lamborghini, and Mercedes-Benz. The DVD also takes you through custom and accessory displays, new innovations, wheel designs, custom car stereo installations, engine modifications, and the latest from various tire manufacturers. The show also touches on the custom car craze along with full race vehicles. If you like this you may want to check out Impact Films 2006 Los Angeles Boat Show Hosted by Michael Raines & Angela Blevins
4645 ::: Taboo 16 (1996) ::: Shyla Foxxx plays the domineering wife who succeeds in driving her husband, John Decker, to a pitiful life as a bum on the skids. Shyla takes great pleasure from humiliating John, a behavior which has been brought on by her terrible incest experiences as a child. John tries to understand, and through some sexual healing of his own, all may be well in this. FJ Lincoln's latest walk through the dark eros of Taboo. Taboo 16... but not sweet.
4646 ::: At First Bite (2012) ::: When Brandon finds out his office crush Natalie has an obsession with vampire books, he does the only logical thing: pretends to be a real-life vampire in order to impress her. Too bad he doesn't know the first thing about vampires... until he's introduced to a real one. Now-- armed with plastic fangs and secondhand knowledge on bloodsuckers-- he's determined to win Natalie's heart without letting her find out about his little lie. Written and shot over the course of 2011, At First Bite is the product of current and former Denver film students working with bare-minimum resources and a maximum passion for film.
4647 ::: "Mehndi" (2003) ::: Abid Ali and Jahanara Hai have four daughters, Malaika (Amna Hussain), Sajjal (Ayesha Khan), Alishba (Aminah Haq) and Laiba (Fiza Ali), who are all getting married on the same day. Three of them, Malaika, Sajjal and Laiba have chosen their own partners while Alishba's wedding is an arranged one, to her father's friend (Qazi Wajid's) son Rameez (Aijaz Aslam). They get married and then each has to face their own difficulties, in marriage. Malaika's husband, Adnan Siddiqui, is a financially weak person and wants Malaika's father to set him up financially. His demands start from the very beginning, creating problems for Malaika. Rameez was in love with another girl Ramsha and was forced by his parents, Qazi Wajid and Ayesha Khan, to marry Alishba. He marries her and then leaves the house on his wedding night. Both Laiba and her husband Ayaad (Kamran Jillani) are very childish in their attitude and start fighting from the first day. Sajjal, who gets married to her cousin Shahzaib (Humayun Saeed) is the only one without any difficulties in marriage, or will she have some problems too.
4648 ::: La guerra empieza en Cuba (1957) ::: Juanita and Adelaida are twin sisters with different personalities, one a discrete singer, the other a coquettish woman newly married to a province governor. When Juanita returns to Spain at the outbreak of the Cuban war in 1898, she will try to take advantage of their resemblance.
4649 ::: Perspective: Andrea's Story (2017) ::: In 'Perspective', we explore the life of Andrea Dundas. Andrea is sportswoman, daughter, sister, aunty, actress, ambassador, artist and coach. She has spent her life collecting memories in the form of medals and achievements most people could only dream of, despite the socially constructed perception of how far her abilities might extend. She is driven, passionate and above all humble. Nothing phases Andrea, want her to stand in front of a crowd of empowered and inspiring women and deliver a speech? She'll do it. Meeting with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge? Done. Perform in a musical? Point her toward the stage. She is someone we can all learn a lesson from, and should.
4650 ::: Reich des Bösen (2007) ::: Our knowledge of Iran is limited by what we see and read in the media. The director of EMPIRE OF EVIL Mohammad Farokhmanesh lives in Germany by choice and is Iranian by birth. He visits its capital Tehran and encounters the reality of modern Muslim society, torn between prejudice and the quest for personal identity. The protagonists speak openly and discerningly of their problems and hopes and about how they envisage their future.
4651 ::: U Belt (2004) ::: College life is no party and friends Maggs and Koko know this very well. They receive support from their families which is not enough to pay for all the expenses. To augment their allowance, they looked for a job but are always rejected because they lack the experience. Frustrated, they turned to the oldest profession to be able to continue their studies.Their friend, Sarah, a call girl warns them about the dangers of the trade but it's too late to back out already...
4652 ::: Carbon (2020) ::: Unable to accept her daughter's sudden death, Dr. Lauren Atwood, attempts to clone her deceased daughter and carry the clone to term. Based in the present day and reflecting only real and current science and technologies, Carbon explores what happens when grief, innovation, and love collide and what happens when someone who can...does.
4653 ::: "Entre deux inconnus" (2015) ::: Maria de Medeiros answered from Bazil a letter by Stéphane Zagdanski. "I met a kind of notes and images to send you", begins her speech. The correspondence between Maria de Medeiros and writer, essayist and contemporary artist Stéphane Zagdanski is a project for the series 'Correspondances vidéo' from French channel Arte that lasts for several weeks and results in a score of filmed letters.
4654 ::: Safrah Khams Nujoom (2017) ::: Saud was married to a Russian 25 years ago, but now divorced, and has a child named Ibraheem who lives with his mother in Russia. The mother calls Saud to come to Russia since, their son is in trouble for being a hacker. Saud and his friend Hamad travel to Russia where many comedy filled events unfold.
4655 ::: The Prince and the Grail (2000) ::: Few followers of the Templar Legacy are unaware of the story of Prince Henry Sinclair; the 14th century Scottish Nobleman who was the last Earl of Orkney and a kin to the man who built the famed Rosslyn Chapel. Sinclair, of Scottish and Viking lineage, was a true adventurer worthy of his combined heritage. In 1398 Henry Sinclair traveled across the sea to Nova Scotia - a century before the famed voyage of Columbus. Traces the transatlantic journey of Prince Henry Sinclair. Examines such topics as Rosslyn Chapel, the Crusades, the Cathars, the bloodline of Christ theory and the Quest for the Holy Grail. Through the course of the film, the question is asked, "What is the Grail?" This question is answered through a comprehensive history of the Holy Relic and its possible connection to the Knights Templar. Unlike many documentaries, which use pan and scan pictures with a talking head voice over track, the Prince and the Grail uses location footage, costumed actors and interviews with experts on the topic.
4656 ::: Attack of the Jungle Women (1959) ::: This is a film comprised primarily from footage shot by the exploring team of Mr. and Mrs. William Phillips, nee Bill and Eve Phillips, a minor league version of the better-known Martin and Osa Johnson. It, between tons of shots of bare-breasted Choco and Cuna Indian women, has a flimsy plot about a party of engineers "seeking" a continental highway route from South America through Central America to the United States. It also uses stock footage of U.S. airforce helicopters, called the non-existant United States Rescue Service here,as part of the search mission plot toward the end. No branch of the U.S. armed services provided any funding or cooperation on the making of this film, and the William Phillips in this film is not actor William 'Bill' Phillips. The only two names connected to this film that anybody had ever heard of before (barely) or afterwards are A. R. Milton and Archie Dattlebaum.
4657 ::: Space Station 3D (2002) ::: The first 3D live-action film to be shot in space. Using advanced 3D-technology, the film depicts the greatest engineering happening since a man landed on the Moon in 1969. Amongst these is the on-orbit assembly of the International Space Station as it travels 220 miles above the Earth at the speed of 17,500 mph. The film also has included sequences that portray the force of a rocket launch, as well as a look into the depths of space. You will experience life in zero gravity, and accompany the astronauts on a space walk. The film was an immense success in theaters in 2002, and is the highest grossing film ever not release in more than 100 theaters at the same time. Mainstream star 'Tom Cruise' (qv) is the host of this documentary where he narrates the history and creation of the ISS (International Space Station), one of the greatest works of the mankind. Astronauts of some countries (USA, Russia, Spain...) explain their training for going to the outer space, how they work in zero gravity and their special way to sleep, finding some fun by the way. In addition, Cruise narrates too the history of the astronautic and the spacial voyage made along the years, while the astronauts in the ISS discover and live an unique experience.
4658 ::: American Beach House (2015) ::: What happens when six lucky strangers, three handsome young guys and three beautiful sexy young women, from all over the world, win a random contest-- an all expenses paid trip to an amazing beach house in glamorous Malibu, California, thanks to a big Internet company--only to discover they have to share it with each other.
4659 ::: Bokul (2015) ::: Thirty-year-old Raktim comes back to his town to attend his sister's wedding and is struck by the changes that the place has gone through during his absence of five years. He also realizes that his old music teacher is missing, and sets off on a search to find him. In this search he comes across three characters - an old lonely fisherman who spends his last days in the memory of his only son, a young rickshaw-puller who is bravely fighting off communal prejudice to take care of his family, and a single mother who runs her shop independently. Coincidentally, each of these characters are named Bokul - and Raktim shares their personal journeys in the narrative, that leads him to the final truth.
4660 ::: Rescuing Emmanuel (2009) ::: Emmanuel is a stinking, belligerent street boy in Nairobi, Kenya. He grabs us, demands 'I want to go to school right now!' He is treated like vermin and yet his name means 'God among us.' Emmanuel is lost, found and rescued. But when he walks into his dream, that dream takes an unexpected turn.
4661 ::: Re: Frame - Scanning Time/Documenting Change (2009) ::: A selection of seven films from a contemporary cinema, removed from Bollywood, that testifies to the richness of creativity in India. Oscillating between documentary, video art, experimental film, and animation, this compilation explores the means with which the texture of memory is incorporated within post-colonial Indian society's individual journeys as well as the national psyche; within private circles as well as public spaces. It allows for contrasting points of view regarding the country's situation and its unanswered question: when the past has yet to catch up with the present, is it a threat or an alternative to the present?
4662 ::: "Rangoli" (1989) ::: This is a great show telecasted every Sunday at 8:00AM on DD National.This show is currently hosted by well known actress Swara Bhaskar.Earlier it has been hosted by many wonderful actresses like Hema Malini, Sharmila Tagore,Shweta Tiwari,Sara Khan and Prachi. This show provides a full family package with a wonderful combination of old and new songs.In addition, it provides you a lot of unheard Bollywood stories. The 'Farmaishi' segment is a wonderful concept in it ,where you can submit your request for a song using letter,e-mail or twitter. Another segment 'FM GOLD song of the week' brings you those songs which are immortal and will be listened irrespective of the era.
4663 ::: Gresshoppen (2011) ::: Summer is waning and dark clouds gather on the horizon. Everything looks good on the surface, but behind the idyllic facade of the house of Jakob and Maria there is a different reality. The visit of Maria's younger sister inflames a desire in Jakob, thus manifesting the fissures in Maria and Jakob's relationship.
4664 ::: "About That Life" (2016) ::: When socialite Zen Richards blows through the trust fund left to her by her deceased celebrity parents, she turns to her only remaining friend to help her manage. Fire, New York City's premiere night club promoter, agrees to move in with Zen not only out of the goodness of his heart, but also because he too, is in the midst of a major financial disaster. Even though his events are more popular than ever, a weekly pay out to the silent partners who helped him start his business is bleeding him dry. Knowing that they need an additional stream of income to keep Zen's estate afloat, Fire rents out the first floor apartment, which were previously the servants' quarters. Zen and Fire's new tenants, Ally, Jalina and Cal are all making ends meet working in New York's hottest spots at night while pursuing their true passions during the day. In addition to managing their own drama, they are also privy to the salacious secrets of the rich and famous party goers they serve as well as the grimy underbelly of the nightlife world. The people they encounter and the information they acquire could make or break them.
4665 ::: Jim Jefferies Alcoholocaust (2010) ::: Share this *Alcoholocaust: (Meaning: The aftermath of a drinking party, usually resulting in every available horizontal surface being covered in empty booze containers, spilled beverages and a general sticky alcoholic residue.) Jim Jefferies, the globally renowned Australian stand-up, returns to Just For Laughs with his brand new solo show. Alcoholocaust includes some of Jim's favourite wild antics over the past year. As always, his material is set in reality, which is what provides him with his trademark brutally frank style. Among other things, you will hear about a hilarious yet touching true story involving his friend's severely disabled brother, plus Jim's traditional pet peeves - religion & idiots.
4666 ::: Brer Rabbit's Christmas Carol (1992) ::: When Brer Rabbit learns that Brer Fox is planning to evict Brer Bear on Christmas, he decides to teach the fox a lesson. Brer Rabbit gets the townspeople to stage their own version of "A Christmas Carol" and trick Brer Fox into thinking that the ghost of his friend, Brer Wolf, has returned. The ghost warns Brer Fox to reform his miserly ways by showing him his past, present and future Christmases. Brer Fox is so terrified by these visions he vows to change his ways, and throws a big Christmas party for the whole town.
4667 ::: The Red Stallion (1947) ::: Yong Joel Curtis finds an orphaned colt in the woods, whom he names "Red" and raises and trains him. When he learns that his grandmother is going to have to sell her ranch to pay off the debts, he trains Red, with the help of Andy McBride, as a race horse with the intention of selling his beloved animal friend in order to pay off his grandmother's debts.
4668 ::: "Million Dollar Extreme Presents: World Peace" (2016) ::: Andy let it happen. Her feminine wiles were no match for his own permission coursing through his veins. In, the only place to reside, to be the only one. He longed for his death. His final prayer sent to his future son, to not be the man he had become.
4669 ::: Call for Fire (2017) ::: Two Air Force Combat Controllers at the end of their careers take on one last mission in Afghanistan. The plot centers around how their famous mission's "Call For Fire" has shaped their situation today. They have to deal with unknowingly being pursued by high echelon leaders of the Taliban that are working with some dirty players in the contractor world. A modern day adaptation based on Rosencrantz and Guildenstern from Shakespeare's Hamlet, we follow a similar story arc of the bard's play.
4670 ::: True Glory: The Band Stopped Playing (????) ::: Randy is seven years old when his father (Skipper) tells him the story of the legendary 9:13 Outer Cove Fishermen and the setting of the world's oldest sporting record. Skipper tells Randy that they will break the record some day, however many trials and tribulations throughout this young man's life seem to get in the way of a father and son's dream.
4671 ::: L'ossessa (1974) ::: The story in this horror movie revolves around a strange religious icon and the demonic sexual influence it exerts on a young art student. After a gory dream sequence in which the woman imagines herself being nailed to a cross herself, the statue eventually comes to life and begins to sexually torment her.
4672 ::: L'audition (2005) ::: Forty-year old Louis is a loud-mouthed repo-man who has nurtured a lifelong dream of becoming a successful actor. Fortunately for Louis his cousin is a casting agent, and he soon learns that local producers are seeking to fell the role of a father videotaping a final message for his two year-old son. Lately the strain of his job has been wearing not only on Louis, but his frustrated girlfriend Suzie as well. When Suzie discovers that she is pregnant, she immediately begins pondering the prospect of leaving Louis to raise the pair's child in a more stable environment.
4673 ::: Farang ba (2003) ::: Craig Wilson is a forty-five year old corporate attorney in Bangkok, Thailand. He attended Yale University and Harvard Law School. Craig also happens to be an amateur boxer who routinely fights opponents half his age. Affectionately dubbed "farang ba", he does this despite having had his entire colon removed, having to wear an ileostomy bag, and having defeated cancer.
4674 ::: That's My Baby (2006) ::: 'That's My Baby' is a lighthearted look at maternal instincts gone awry. When two women in a park both lay claim to the same child, tempers flare and the fight is on. Though neither seems to have a strong grasp of parenting, both toss their conflict to the wind when the child's safety is threatened. Who is the real mother? Could the child have two mothers? What's best for the child? Assumptions about child ownership and child rearing are a gentle undercurrent in this rollicking physical comedy.
4675 ::: Creative Nature (2008) ::: From the fire of a glassblowing studio to the sky above the Cascade Mountains to deep blue waters of Hawaii, Creative Nature takes viewers on a unique adventure - into the rugged and daring world of William Morris, one of the most acclaimed glass artists of our time. Follow the journey of Glass Artist Bill Morris from the glass hot shop to the distant locations which provide the inspiration for the next collection.
4676 ::: Brothers... On Holy Ground (2003) ::: A monumental achievement Brothers On Holy Ground is the only documentary in existence made by a FDNY fireman and it spans the time period before, during and after 9-11. Fate called upon NY fireman Mike Lennon of Engine Co. 15 to make a documentary about his fellow NY firefighters before Sept. 2001. After 9-11, Mike continued filming. Featuring interviews with a fireman that perished on 9-11 as well as fellow survivors and family members during and after 9-11. The film also includes unique footage from ground zero. This historic film about the most tragic event of our times will leave no one untouched.
4677 ::: Sankranthi (2005) ::: Raghavendra, Vishnu, Chinna, and Vamsi are brothers. Raghavendra and Anjali (Arti Agarwal) fall in love and they are relatives as well. They get engaged with the consent of parents. But Raghavendra's family looses everything they have due to certain incident. Anjali's parents reject Raghavendra on the basis of poverty. Raghavendra decides that he should make good money, buy a house and have all comforts before marriage. He achieves his targets. Then he marries a good-hearted and responsible girl. Later on, they settle Vishnu's match with the sister of Anjali. Vishnu's wife is a woman of jealous nature and short temper. Due to her jealous behavior, there are certain problems. The rest of the film is all about how these strong-willed brothers keep the joint family together and reap the benefits of it.
4678 ::: Portrait of a Photographer: David LaChapelle (2002) ::: David LaChapelle is regarded as one of then best working photographers in the world today. His surreal fashion images and celebrity portraits are his idea of a perfect world, or at least a brighter, funnier, more beautiful one. Are all LaChapelle's pictures really innocent fun? Are they art? A journey into the Surreal with LaChapelle and his subjects
4679 ::: "Hoy Soy Nadie" (2012) ::: Mateo Blanco is a skilled programming designer who works at a renowned Newspaper company whose fate just turned dramatically. Having committed a fraud to his employer, the company's owner ensues Mateo on a strange mission in exchange for his freedom: He must collect blood samples from 15 young males and females from a list without them or anyone knowing and bring the samples back to his employer. Now Mateo will have to rely on his skills and the social networks to find every one on the list, adopting a different persona to infiltrate their lives while keeping his task carefully hidden from his family and friends.
4680 ::: Trouvoete (2015) ::: Ella (Erica Wessels) is the Head of Marketing for a health insurance firm and an undiscovered artist in her own right. She forms an online relationship with a young doctor, Louis (Bouwer Bosch). Both find a counterpart in each other's sheltered online identities. They set aside their fear of having another doomed relationship, to meet in person.
4681 ::: Food Collect Campaign, Red Cross Catalonia 1 (2013) ::: Part of the Red Cross' food and nutrition program is dedicated to food collection and its distribution to the communities in needs; especially the very young and the elderly. This campaign targeted disadvantaged elderly from the region of Catalonia, east of Spain.
4682 ::: 999 (2010) ::: The picture reveals the problem of drug addiction in contemporary life. Drug addiction can be resisted by strong character young people while others lose everything: friends, love and life. Metiss is a talented rapper, who managed to overcome drug addiction, but paid high price for it losing the girl he loved. One day, he comes across Linda, a young woman whom he tries to save. "Life itself does not mean anything; its price depends on its use" The film "999" - is an anti-drug picture, where philosophical life values are combined with contemporary urban youth trends. The story shows how young people deal with drug addiction and its impact on their life. The film reveals the problem of drug addiction in contemporary life and attempts to help young people think about their choices. Drug addiction could be resisted by some, while others lose everything: friends, love and their life. Metiss is a talented rapper, who managed to overcome drug addiction, but paid high price for it by losing his lover. While trying to let his past go, one day, he comes across Linda. In attempt to pay back for his past mistakes and move on, he commits to save her. Will he succeed and who is responsible for our choices?
4683 ::: The Innocent Lie (1916) ::: Nora O'Brien leaves Ireland to visit her brother in America. On the trip she suffers a concussion, and soon is mistaken for another Irish girl named Nora who is on her way to visit her aunt in the US, Mrs. Watson, who has not seen her niece in many years. Nora, still somewhat dazed from her injury, is taken to the Watsons' home, and when Mrs. Watson's son Jack returns from college, he falls in love with her but cannot express it to her because he believes she is his cousin. Complications ensue.
4684 ::: Raising Ms. President (2014) ::: Raising Ms. President is about raising the next generation of female political leaders. Studies show that when more women are at the political decision making table, their presence does make a difference, the problem is, women just don't want to run. This documentary explores some of the reasons women don't run for office and uncovers where political ambition begins. If we don't have more young women envisioning themselves at the top, then asking them to run for office when they are older won't matter. We must change the political landscape across the board, for the betterment of all people and our country.
4685 ::: Sickness House (2006) ::: A group of friends get together for a New Year's Eve party without any idea that they may be trapped there longer than they expected when the house they're in is quarantined with them all inside. Who could know that one of them is carrying a deadly disease?
4686 ::: Femme d'un gangster (1978) ::: Tina, detta Pupa, č la donna del violento Rico, detto l'arabo, boss del gioco clandestino nel quartiere antico di Marsiglia. I giorni passano tristemente nelle squallide case da gioco controllate dal malavitoso. I giocatori appartengono alla fauna piů disparata e disperata degli sconfitti della societŕ. Dal maestro in pensione rimasto vedovo da poco all'ufficiale dell'esercito che teme sempre di essere scoperto dai suoi sottoposti ; dal poveraccio che si gioca tutti i risparmi sperando in grosse vincite che lo riscattino agli occhi del mondo al bottegaio che sta per chiudere per fallimento, e cosě via. E quando non vincono, possono sempre rivolgere le loro attenzioni alle 'ragazze' del locale. Un giorno arriva nel locale Pierre, uno studente iscritto da sempre all'Universitŕ, che sembra non avere alcuna intenzione di terminare gli studi. Quella sera sono presenti nel locale anche Pupa e Rico. Fra i due giovani inizia un'incrociarsi di sguardi. E' la passione ! Rico si accorge della cosa e fa allontanare Pierre in malo modo. Ma questo non servirŕ. I due iniziano ad incontrarsi furtivamente e, un giorno, decidono di fuggire insieme. Venuto a conoscenza della cosa, Rico ordina ai suoi scagnozzi la eliminazione dei traditori. Il tempo stringe. Pierre e Pupa fuggono, inseguiti per i vicoli e per i tetti del quartiere, ma riescono a raggiungere l'auto che dovrebbe portarli lontano. Nell'inseguimento che segue, i banditi riescono a raggiungere la vettura degli amanti, lanciandola fuori strada e facendo morire i due giovani.
4687 ::: Art Car: The Movie (2012) ::: Art Car: The Movie follows a high school teacher and her class as they prepare for the Houston Art Car Parade, the largest art car parade in the world. Through their story and those of others who transform their cars in truly outrageous ways, the film is an existential examination of America's quintessential form of outsider art, on the ultimate public canvas, and how it challenges the values of a consumer-driven America.
4688 ::: "Getting Together" (1971) ::: A pair of pop-oriented songwriters; melodist/singer Bobby and tone-deaf lyricist Lionel - try to eke out a living in the Los Angeles music scene. The pair live with Bobby's younger sister, Jennifer, in an antique shop, and Bobby works on the side as a recording engineer until he and Lionel get their big break. Rita was their friendly landlady, and Rudy her cop boyfriend.
4689 ::: A Horse Tail (2015) ::: Uptight city accountant, Michael Thompson (Patrick Muldoon), is struggling to raise his teenage daughter Chloe (Mandalynn Carlson) all on his own. So when he gets a call from Cliff Harrison (Rick Herod) to help save their family stables before ruthless bank managers shut them down, he wonders if the country life is just what they need to start over. Michael takes the job, even though he quickly finds out that Cliff's daughter (Charisma Carpenter) is not as keen as the rest of the family (Dominique Swain, Jaren Lewison, Billy Tilk) for his help. But as they search for ways to save the family's legacy, they find a future that they never expected.
4690 ::: Rolling Like a Stone (2005) ::: An old roll of film from the summer 1965 shows a party in an apartment on Fersens road in Malmö. It shows local popidols from bands like Namelosers and Gonks, but also common pop guys and girls. They gather around some exclusive guests: Mick Jagger, Keith Richards and Brian Jones from Rolling Stones - the first international popband that visits Malmö. 40 years later the film creators meets some of the guests at the party. Rolling Like a Stone is a documentary about the people who had their identity shaped during the years in the mid-sixties. It is also a film about the difficulty of growing old with your dreams, and living in the present. The starting point for the film is an 8mm amateur home movie from 1965, where Mick Jagger, Keith Richards and Brian Jones from the Rolling Stones attends an after-concert party with local musicians and pop fans. For some the party never ends. Immortalized on a forgotten home movie, the party-goers try, forty years later, to make sense of these memories, and the eternal question of 'What could have been?'
4691 ::: Padayatre: A Journey by Foot (2017) ::: The story is set in a small village during in pre-independence of India. Mr. Gandhi goes on a countrywide PADAYATRA against untouchability, collecting money for the recently founded "HARIJAN SEWAK SANGH" for the purpose of Harijan's upliftment. During his visit in Mysore (India) Jan 1934 decides to give a speech, his social workers reach all the villages to spread this message before he arrives and gather mass volume of people to listen his motivational public speech and donate fund for Harijan's upliftment. CHARATA attends Mr. Gandhi's speech in Mysore, he donates his small saved money to "HARI JAN SEVAK SANGH" which built for Harijan upliftment and comes out from drink evil after listening an inspirational speech given by Mr. Gandhi. From there, he starts a new journey by foot thru participating in Mr. Gandhi's PADAYATRE to make his life meaningful and gets transformed.
4692 ::: Abdulla the Great (1955) ::: Abdullah, absolute monarch of a wealthy Middle Eastern country, has everything a man could want. Everything, that is, until he falls for a beautiful model. She rejects his advances, however, along with his offers of riches and luxury, chosing instead an officer in the king's army as her lover. As all of this is going on, the ruler is oblivious to the growing discontent among his subjects, and the threat of revolt that is increasing with each passing day.
4693 ::: Landing Up (2018) ::: CHRISSIE and CECE play a con game with strangers to put a roof over their heads while fantasizing about their dream apartment. When Chrissie meets DAVID, a funny, genuine guy who works his way into her heart, she falls for him and must decide whether to confess the real circumstances of her life or continue her lie at all costs. Even at the cost of someone's life.
4694 ::: Boi Neon (2015) ::: Iremar works at the "Vaquejadas", a rodeo in the North East of Brazil where two men on horseback try bring down a bull by grabbing its tail. It's dusty and back-breaking work, but Iremar is a natural vaqueiro feeding, prepping and taking care of the bulls. Home is the truck used to transport the animals from show to show which he shares with his coworkers; Galega, an exotic dancer, truck driver and mother to her spirited and cheeky daughter Cacá, and Zé, his rotund compadre in the bull pen. Together they form a makeshift but close-knit family. But Brazil and the Northeast are changing and the region's booming clothing industry has stirred new ambitions in Iremar. Swinging in his hammock in the back of the truck, his head is filled with dreams of pattern cutting, sequins and exquisite fabrics as he mentally assembles his latest sexy fashion designs.
4695 ::: Tandala (2008) ::: Sonsala is believed to be a goddess since her birth everyone worships her in the village including her family and friends and seek her blessings,due to her divine status she has to stay away from men.But she falls in love with Venkateshwarrao and gets married to him but her husband also worships her like everyone which suffocates her basics desires of being a woman.Keshav an outsider gets attracted by the divine beauty of Sonsala and tries to solve the mystery.
4696 ::: Stranger (2005) ::: Mother died today. Maybe it was yesterday. Stranger is the second film in my Death trilogy, in which I dissect different themes of death. This film represents the detachment from death.
4697 ::: "Encounters with Animals" (1980) ::: Krov and Ann Menuhin, husband and wife film partners in underwater adventure swim with a 30-ton whale shark, 50 feet long and with a mouth five-feet wide - the largest fish in the world. In the Gulf of California they cruise and dive in one of the richest but least-known seas of the world. They meet huge gray whales, basking sharks, dive-bombing pelicans and the rare blue whale. They join the sea-lions' graceful ballet - and then encounter the gigantic whale shark.
4698 ::: The Girl Who Came Between Them (1990) ::: A home is divided when a 13 year old Vietnamese girl moves in with a family of an ex-GI who believes that she may be his illegitimate daughter in this fact-based movie.
4699 ::: e'Tzaintes (2003) ::: 'Logic is stupidity recreated,' Says a philosophical W. Ashe Faeke. What started out as meaningless ramblings from a drinking session come to make sense when a bunch of social outcasts decide to get together and establish their existence as the new order - to give self deceit a better name. Set in a surreal town called Faeryville, in a school ruled by the hip and the cool, a group of teens are convinced by their leader, W.Ashe Faeke that they have been oppressed all their lives, by parents, society, culture and religion to conform to the Standards of the Ideal Faeryvillian. Together with Toilet Duck, Lipp, Edgey and Wynn, Faeke leads a resistance group against Faeryville's establishments, calling themselves The Tzaintes. The formation of The Tzaintes give the outcasts a fragile hope to stand up against the rule of the Ideal Faeryvillian. Nobody in Faeyville understood the reason behind the formation of The Tzaintes and the authorities are only too quick to quick to subdue and destroy the new reality that the Tzaintes have created. [e'Tzaintes] may be a fictional manifestation but it deals with very real issues that are prevalent in our increasingly surreal world. This is a movie about understanding the growing pains of the teenager and making sense out of today's society.
4700 ::: Magic 4 Morons (2000) ::: Magic 4 Morons teaches the viewer 10 amazing magic tricks that can be done with ordinary items found around the home. Professional magician, Lyndel performs the effects live in front of a studio audience assembled at Universal Studios Florida - and then takes the viewer back stage as he teaches actor, Michael Winslow, how to set up and execute each trick.
4701 ::: Letzte Worte (1968) ::: The story of a solitary man who refuses to leave a Greek island (at one time a leper colony) is told by a strange variety of characters who don't have much to say except to repeat their tellings over and over again. But the person who has the final word on the matter, the lonely character himself, may not explain anything about his personal reasons for not abandoning the place.
4702 ::: "The One: Making a Music Star" (2006) ::: Based on the international sensation, the series will follow the lives of contestants as they attend a fully functioning music academy that turns aspiring singers into music stars through professional training. The show will follow all the drama in the music academy, as it offers vocal coaching and celebrity mentors who will turn potential into talent in a state-of-the-art training and recording facility. Each week contestants will perform live for the American audience, who will have to vote to keep their favorites in the competition. In addition, the contestants' coaches will also serve as judges. The winner will receive a recording contract with a major record company.
4703 ::: A Course in Miracles: Enlightenment or Bust (2015) ::: The documentary A Course in Miracles - Enlightenment or Bust! follows this inspirational story of a curious guy who has come upon a teaching that sparked a Spiritual Awakening experience. Anxious to learn more about the Course, Craig sets off to meet teachers who have gone before him in their journey. Unbeknownst to Craig, the making of this documentary, his willingness to dive into the Course and the application of its principles would radically shift his perception on life. With enlightenment as his aim, Craig travels to visit ACIM teachers to find the answers to deeper questions about the Course. Along the way he encounters mighty companions who are willing to share their stories, miracle experiences and understandings of ACIM. Craig finds himself questioning everything he once believed about himself, his identity and how the world operates. With a new perspective on life, he's left with the decision to either follow a call to inspiration and become a teacher of the Course or return to the worldly life of 9-5. Craig Villarrubia was leading an arguably successful life. However, despite outward appearances, there was a deep and undeniable call to spiritual truth and peace of mind. The metaphysical text, A Course in Miracles, would be the answer to his call. Not too long ago, Craig was leading a typical and arguably successful life. He was partnered, had a good job, enjoyed nice things and lived a very nice lifestyle in Hollywood. Despite outward appearances, however, there was a deep and undeniable call to spiritual truth and peace of mind. The metaphysical text, A Course in Miracles, made famous by authors like Gary Renard and Marianne Williamson, would be the answer to his call. With enlightenment as his aim, Craig travels to visit ACIM teachers to find the answers to deeper questions about the Course. Along the way he encounters mighty companions who are willing to share their stories, miracle experiences and understandings of ACIM. Craig finds himself questioning everything he once believed about himself, his identity and how the world operates. With a new perspective on life, he's left with the decision to either follow a call to inspiration and become a teacher of the Course or return to the worldly life of 9-5. The film exposes the dysfunctional pattern of fearful thinking and how following inspiration is the antidote to overcoming the blocks to the awareness of Love's presence. A Course in Miracles - Enlightenment or Bust! is an invitation to the world to discover peace and happiness by the means of following intuitive guidance.
4704 ::: Right to Remain Silent (2002) ::: When a young female attorney learns her client plans to assassinate a judge, she promptly blows the whistle, which results in serious jail time for the crook. Unhappy at being convicted on his own lawyer's testimony, the crook vows revenge. After escaping jail, he hires a burly thug to bind and gag the shapely lawyer in numerous, increasingly stringent positions.
4705 ::: Nach Wriezen (2012) ::: Beautifully crafted with intimate access, Beyond Wriezen is a mesmerizing look into the patterns that binds us as a society. The film follows three young offenders from the day they are released from Wriezen prison in Eastern Germany, for a period of three years. The young men's new life begins at the Wriezen station where they all set out hoping for the same things: a job, somewhere to live, a girlfriend, yearning for security, emotional safety, respect and love. Will they make it? Or will the challenges of everyday life prove too difficult for them?
4706 ::: "The Happenings" (2013) ::: Illusionists Barry and Stuart set about making the unbelievable believable to the unsuspecting residents of towns across the UK and America. Using magic, misdirection and suggestion, they slowly create a rumour amongst the town folk that something extraordinary is happening in the quiet place they call home. Creating a whirlwind of press interest and buzz among the town's unsuspecting residents they go about creating weird and wonderful stories similar to a movie experience as ghosts, alien invasions, vampires and a secret psychic army take over.
4707 ::: Private Black Label 15: Indiana Mack - Sex in the Jungle (2000) ::: A drunken socialite named Mack finds himself dumped in Santa Domingo with nothing but his top hat and tails. A female archaeologist takes him under her wing and renames him 'Indiana Mack'. Together they search for a mysterious and powerful medallion.
4708 ::: Paolo Soleri: Beyond Form (2013) ::: Beyond Form is a cinéma vérité style documentary, that presents a fresh and intimate look at the legendary and multi talented artist, philosopher, urban theorist and architect Paolo Soleri. A man who had a dream to create an environment in harmony with man. This film focuses on how his body of work has inspired thousands of people over the years and why his technique and concepts have staying power. You'll see why Soleri was green before "green" and "sustainable" ever entered the world lexicon. The lean approach has been a theme that was present through out Soleri's life. Filmmaker Aimee Madsen created this documentary much in the spirit of Soleri's style of frugality, doing more with less.
4709 ::: L'intrusa (1956) ::: A doctor saves a girl from suicide and marries her out of pity. Soon the evil man who had pushed the girl to the limit taking advantage of her enters her life again. The crisis which ensues will help the newly weds to overcome their differences and start a new life.
4710 ::: Michael Strogoff (1914) ::: The Russian Czar sends his trusted confidant, Michael Strogoff, to warn his brother the Grand Duke of a Tartar rebellion that will be led by Feofar Khan and Ivan Ogareff. Calling himself Nicholas Korpanoff, Strogoff poses as a trader to journey to warn the Grand Duke. On his way he meets Nadia Fedorova, a young girl trying to join her father Wassili, a political activist who has been exiled to Siberia. Strogoff is captured by the Tartars, who don't believe he is a trader and threaten to torture Strogoff's mother Marfa unless he reveals his true identity.
4711 ::: Traffic Jam (2007) ::: Traffic Jam is a 5 minute documentary produced for the Reel Ideas Studio Community Competition. It portrays five different points of view about traffic jams caused by vehicles in one of the biggest cities of the world, Mexico City. Short travel distances, extreme traffic congestion generating demand for space greater than the available road capacity and vehicles fully stopped for periods of time are the every day life of the people living in or near the city limits. The impact vehicle traffic has on people's lives and possible solutions are discussed in this documentary from the point of view from different social backgrounds.
4712 ::: The Accident (2005/II) ::: Jackie and Kevin must face the tragic consequences of their decisions made during the previous night in this harrowing tale of friendship and sobriety. It is the aftermath of a drunk-driving accident. Kevin is rushed into the ER with a gruesome leg injury. After four hours of critical surgery he sees Jackie, his life-long friend, sitting beside him. Something about her is different.
4713 ::: Underwriting Love (2008) ::: Patrick is broke and in love with Renee. Renee is rich and has a mother who hates Patrick. Sheila is Renee's attorney and an old friend of Renee's mother. When they all meet to work on Patrick and Renee's prenuptial agreement, sparks fly, and they begin to question whether there should be a wedding at all. As Patrick battles the woman he loves and her snaky counsel, his frustrated brother, Luke, visits with a call girl. In the end, both brothers find out the the true cost of love.
4714 ::: Abandoned Ones (2017) ::: Abandoned Ones chronicles the lives and loves of a Vietnamese refugee family as they endure severe struggles on the way to England, the "new" discrimination in the new land, and perhaps most devastatingly their own tragedies. Coincidentally, all of the characters in the film share the same drama: they all lost their memories and their consciousness once in their lives, which can be a little confusing for the audience on the way to find the truth. However, it does not help remove the miserable pattern that seen in the family while these characters are repeating their parents and grandparents' mistakes over and over, which suggest that human nature may not be able to escape their own traps over time regardless of cultural background or circumstances.
4715 ::: Paraíso amazónico (1970) ::: In the tropical jungle of the Amazonas basin, on the uncertain boundaries of Venezuela and Brazil, the Yanomani natives say their name means simply Ťhumansť, and they are easily distinguished from all other tribes of that far reaching region. The film describes the natural elements of the region, and the perfect imbalance the Yanomani have established with them. [Note - The documentary precedes the invasion of the region by the Garimpeiros in the 1970s, that would upset that centuries old customs.]
4716 ::: Retribution (2015/VII) ::: Idealistic Louisville prosecutor Marissa Danvers makes a personal and heartfelt connection with Callie Hollins, a 15-year old girl who went years of sexual abuse at the hands of Mr. Monty, the owner of a group home for troubled teens. Promising she will deliver justice, Marissa takes Monty to trial, but loses hope in her crusade against a broken corrupt system. Five years later, she puts into motion a brutally violent plan for retribution, assembling Monty's now-grown victims on a mission of vengeance.
4717 ::: Can She Be Saved? (2009) ::: Author/activist/producer Yasmin Shiraz exposes the recent phenomenon of girl fights in America-the prevalence of video images featuring girls physically attacking each other. Painting a dark picture of what happens to juveniles who engage in violent activity, Can She Be Saved? provides historical, cultural and personal references to understand why teen girls are fighting and if anything can be done to make them stop. Revealing the cultural attitudes of girl fighting, Shiraz includes pop culture references, crime and violence statistics as well as news stories that hype the images of girls battling. Shiraz then interviews middle school girls from Syracuse, NY who have been labeled "aggressive" by their teachers, principals and/or guidance counselors. These girls were known to fight and get into disagreements with their classmates. In her interviews of teen girls and professionals who work with youth, Shiraz uncovers the shocking reasons behind the girls' attitudes and actions. Though the girl's reasons for fighting contrast with the professional subject's opinions, the girl's testimonies make a case for compassion instead of condemnation.
4718 ::: My Last Summer with Jamie Winters (2009) ::: On Adam's last day of summer before leaving for college he sits by the pool, admiring from a distance his high school crush. Jamie Winters, popular, beautiful, and everything Adam is not sits writing in her journal only a few feet away from him. As he day dreams about her she drops her pen, and as it rolls against his foot he is faced with the awkward dilemma of being able to go and speak to her.
4719 ::: Mapado 2 (2007) ::: Always looking to strike it rich, NA Chung-soo finally gets his chance. All he needs to do is find Kot-nim, the first love of a mysterious millionaire. He merrily treks down to Dongbek Island - the millionaire's hometown - but he and fellow traveler Gi-young, find themselves shipwrecked after a storm, waking up on a remote island. It's Mapado, the very island Chung-soo has terrible memories of.
4720 ::: Ass Kicker (2008) ::: A wounded veteran is forced to defend his patriotism, and his desire to see his son become a soldier, when his babysitter confides that she lost her own son in the war. They agree to disagree about the value of life, liberty, and sacrifice. Or do they.
4721 ::: Lone Wolves & Dragon Tattoos: How Scandinavian Crime Fiction Conquered the World (2011) ::: Lone Wolves & Dragon Tattoos traces the evolution of Nordic crime fiction, from its humble beginnings with the Martin Beck novels of the 1960s straight through to the worldwide phenomenon of The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, featuring interviews with some of the actors, writers and producers who bring these mysteries to life on-screen.
4722 ::: Y sin embargo se mueve (2016) ::: Julio Anguita, Ignacio Escolar, Pablo Iglesias, Nines Maestro, Miren Etxezarreta, Josep María Atentas, Esther Vivas, Diego Cańamero, José Coy, Ada Colau, Lluís Martí, Lola Domínguez, Juan Manuel Gordillo and Teresa Forcades. Voices for change. Cuts, unemployment, evictions, preferred stock, emigration, social exclusion, housing bubble, bailout, banks, caste, revolving doors, land tenure, privatization, deindustrialization. Economic war. Pioneers, Río Tinto, miners, La Canadiense strike, Andalusian Workers Union, day laborers, Sintel, Campamento de la Esperanza, 15M, Platform for People Affected by Mortgages, Ca Esperança, yayoflautas, Marinaleda, marches for dignity. Struggles that brought future.
4723 ::: Club Fed (1990) ::: A powerful gangster is murdered. However, All of his holdings were in his girlfriend's name. So she is charged and sent to a minimum-security prison, where all of the prisoners are filthy rich. There she meets and falls in love with an undercover FBI agent.
4724 ::: Still Missing (2004) ::: Two beautiful women are bound and gagged in separate rooms, awaiting rescue. Another captive joins them and the three make a desperate, but unsuccessful, attempt at escape. In the second tale, three coeds are kept bound and gagged while their heartless kidnapper demands a queen's ransom. To amuse himself while he awaits what he hopes will be a big payday, the crook ties the girls in a variety of positions while wearing less and less clothing.
4725 ::: Chelsea Walls (2001) ::: In New York's storied Chelsea Hotel, a novelist, a dancer, a painter, a poet, an aged jazz singer, and a young troubadour sort out their personal and artistic lives within walls haunted by the likes of Dylan Thomas, O. Henry, and Sarah Bernhardt. A boozy novelist balances wife, mistress, and stories. A dancer who's a waitress in the basement club chooses between a Hollywood jerk and a local painter. A youth from Minnesota who composes and sings may be the next Bob Dylan. A poet decides to give her feckless boyfriend another chance, even as her eyes tell us she knows what's ahead. An old jazz artist wants to place a bet and share his love for Lady Day. These walls do seem to talk.
4726 ::: Noirland (2014) ::: The story opens with a murdered girl clutching a flash-drive in her hand as she dies. The police recover the flash-drive but it is encrypted. Throughout the film the police race to discover what is on the flash-drive to explain why this girl was killed. The structure of the film is based loosely on Pulp Fiction. There are three stories which feature some of the same characters to a greater or lesser extent. In the first story, young cop with a drinking problem is partnered with a more mature detective on the murder of the girl with the flash-drive. When all other leads are exhausted, they decide to enlist the talents of a psychic, with unexpected consequences. The second story revolves around a cyber-vigilante who abducts the daughter of an average couple. He gives them six hours to confess, but neither the husband nor wife seem to know what it is they're supposed to confess to. In the final story we discover who killed the girl at the beginning and why. It also ties up story strands which have been planted throughout the film and ends with a final twist.
4727 ::: Wild Waves (2008) ::: Pierre Woodman invites you to ride some WILD WAVES as we join him in Brazil with a cast of tantalizing talent including exclusive Woodman contact girl Nessa Devil. Against a backdrop of stunning Brazilian beaches, Pierre Woodman takes it to the limit with non-stop, sizzling hot, hardcore sex action that is guaranteed to delight.
4728 ::: The Velvet Trap (1966) ::: Put upon greasy spoon waitress Julie gets raped by her drunken short order cook boss. After managing to escape, Julie hooks up with regular patron Brad Collins and heads off to Las Vegas for an impromptu wedding. However, Brad leaves Julie high and dry in a cheap motel the very next morning after coercing her into posing for a few nude photos. But that's just the start of poor Julie's woes.
4729 ::: "V'Buzz" (2015) ::: An Evening Chat Show with a difference, V Buzz will enthral you with it's wide variety of daily themes that ranges from topics for the young and hip to something that will grab the attention of mild mannered individual as well. Every Monday to Friday at 9pm on Astro Vinmeen HD, Channel 231.
4730 ::: Seoul Mates (2000) ::: Min-Ah and Hee-Jung are two attractive, South Korean women who have fallen in love with Pat and Will, US soldiers based in Seoul. Cultural differences inevitably lead to friction. Seoul Mates follows the couples' developing relationships over a year.
4731 ::: Hymypoika (2003) ::: Taavi, who never goes anywhere without his video camera, and his young and wealthy friends find themselves on the cusp of adulthood. After throwing a wild party at the mansion left to him by his deceased parents, Taavi shoots video of the partygoers in their various states of undress and drunken sexual congress. What begins as a prank spurs Taavi and his friends Jere, Sami, and Markus to form a club, the only requirement for admission being that each young man must bring a tape of his latest sexual conquest to every club meeting. The risque game quickly degenerates into dangerous compulsion as relationships implode and the boys forsake their girlfriends in favor of prostitutes and "swingers". As currents of coercion and abuse enter the picture, each young man must ultimately confront his own morality in the viewfinder.
4732 ::: "Jim Henson's Little Muppet Monsters" (1985) ::: Tug, Molly, and Boo are three young Muppet monsters who manage to create their own television show in the basement of the Muppets' home. They broadcast to the rooms of the other Muppets. Joining them are an all-penguin orchestra led by Nicky Napoleon, rats, chickens, and a moose, among other characters. Segments featured on their show include "Fozzie's Comedy Corner," Gonzo in "Weirder Than Me," Animal in "Muppet Sports Shorts," Kermit and Fozzie in "Kermit the Frog, Private Eye," plus animated versions of "Pigs in Space" and "Muppet Labs."
4733 ::: Papinhas e Comidinhas (2016) ::: On Papinhas e Comidinhas the chef Anna Elisa de Castro, an advocate for healthy eating, will teach recipes made with nutritious and healthy ingredients to please babies, children and the whole family. The food choices were made in order to stimulate great eating habits in the children that will last for life.
4734 ::: Fo zhang luo han quan (1980) ::: Aspiring barber and experienced kung-fu fighter Shang learns that his childhood friend, Siu Ming, has been framed for murder by an unknown villain. When Shang begins looking into the crime, he soon finds himself the target of an assassination attempt. Who is behind all these crimes, and can Shang stop them?
4735 ::: Hispaniola (????) ::: In 2013 the Supreme Court of the Dominican Republic (DR) upheld legislation that stripped citizenship from individuals of Haitian heritage born in that country. Hispaniola is a feature documentary that will take audiences on a cinematic journey through the day-to-day lives of people directly impacted by these new laws. There is Elena Lorac, a young Dominican of Haitian descent whose fall into statelessness has rendered her invisible, forced to function below the radar and avoid confrontation when attacked because of her ancestry; Amelia Deschamps is a Dominican journalist who has spoken out against these laws and unexpectedly finds herself the target of death threats from anti-Haitian right-wing nationalists; and contrasting this view is Ramón Narpier, a University professor who wishes people would better understand the kind of economic and social pressure his country faces with the constant stream of poverty stricken Haitians entering the Dominican Republic. Interweaving their present day stories with dramatic personal accounts of the 1937 Parsley Massacre (over 30,000 Haitians killed at the hands of Dominican soldiers), the film will beautifully juxtapose how past and present converge as it explores themes of genocide and otherness. Hispaniola hopes to provide audiences with a spellbinding visual narrative that reflects on the larger questions of how imposed borders, citizenship and racial identity define us and may seal our fate.
4736 ::: Arrangetram (1973) ::: Lalitha, the eldest daughter of a Brahmin family, is saddled with the responsibility of supporting her family, led by a father who witlessly procreates to a robust size of 10 household members. As poverty gets worse, Lalitha must turn to desperate measures to keep the food coming. Interesting comment on gender, tradition, and the caste crisis, slightly bold for its time. Lalitha's doctor-wannabe kid-brother also figures in the story.
4737 ::: Taylor Chain II: A Story of Collective Bargaining (1984) ::: The filmmakers return to the Taylor chain plant to show labor and management working together against the odds, trying to save the plant from becoming the latest victim of anti-union legislation and the globalization of cheap, exploitable labor.
4738 ::: When the World Was Flat (2015) ::: Travis, Elliott, Jake, Troy; friends since they were children, they coexist on a spectrum of idealism and realism, contrasting though complementing and sustaining one another also. A mix of absent, and negligent parental figures, the boys are able to thrive in their own vitality, boldness, and loyalty. Their relationship is boundless, intimate; allowing sensitivity to fuel the fight for one another. An unexpected accident threatens that loyalty, leaving them submerged in a web of loss that extends beyond their own, and into the lives of those around them. It is this loss, be it past or present, illuminated along the way that leaves the boys at the mercy of the loss in others and struggling now to keep from losing both themselves, and each other. A story of loss and friendship unfolds against the backdrop of a small prairie community, as best friends Travis and Elliott navigate a murky interplay of familial anguish with contrasting sensitivity. A sudden accident throws the boys into a web of loss extending far beyond their own; leaving the boys struggling to keep from losing both themselves and each other.
4739 ::: Blackstar Warrior (2013) ::: In the future (as seen from 1982), space detective Tyson Roderick and his robot sidekick Alphie struggle to find Tyson's long-lost mother, which saving a beautiful space pirate from the evil clutches of a psychotic cult leader and his army of slave women.
4740 ::: Jiphaengja (2009) ::: An execution scheduled to be carried out in 12 years creates a hostile and stifling atmosphere among guards in one jail. This has profound effects on the dehumanization of Jae-kyoung, a young, newly appointed guard who nonetheless happens to find that a cold-blooded colleague of his, Jong-ho, has some humane traits. Jae-kyung who is new prison guard went through a severe entrance ceremony in a tough and strange jail. Jong-ho who is strict and even outrageous against inmates is making a tense atmosphere. One afternoon close to Christmas an order of execution came out. Except for Jong-ho who volunteers for execution team, nobody wants to be executioner.
4741 ::: Lily (????/III) ::: The story follows a twentysomething married couple as they prepare for the birth of their first child. A law student with a mountain of debt, the husband worries about his ability to provide, while the wife's fears revolve around her older, high-functioning autistic sister.
4742 ::: "Another Day with You" (2015) ::: Staring Cougar Town's Bob Clendenin as "Bob" and series creator Amy Goddard as "Amy," Another Day With You takes us into the lives of 2 perfectly ordinary, long married people. Everybody has a wife who gets into a fight with the dishwasher repair man, has a momentary lack of judgment and wants you to jump out of a moving taxi and crashes her car, with you in the passenger seat, because she was watching a shirtless jogger. Right? It's just Another Day With You.
4743 ::: Cordelia (2016) ::: Distraught over her mother's death, Marie suddenly hears from the father who abandoned her as a little girl. He knows her mother has died and wants to come see his daughter after a 35 year absence. Wary and excited both, Marie decides to let him visit her and her family at their country house. Her husband warns her, "You will be disappointed," he says. "You should not bring him here." Nonetheless, she allows her estranged father to come, and is instantly shocked when he arrives. Alain is an artist, cocky and self-assured, a sexy 'bad daddy' who immediately begins to disrupt Marie's quiet country life. At a dinner in his honor Alain feels backed into a corner as he defensively recounts all the reasons why he left Marie and her mother. Later that night Alain commits an act she may not be able to forgive. It is then that Marie must confront the reality of who her father really is and decide if he is someone she wants to allow into her life. Meanwhile, the children of the town put on a production of King Lear. It is here that we understand the deep tragedy of a demanding narcissistic father, not only for the daughter who is cast away, but for the father himself.
4744 ::: "Us Too" (2016) ::: Dean and Randy are best friends who yearn to be a part of something bigger than themselves. Despite their best efforts, attempts to connect land them flat on their faces as they struggle to grow into the guys they want to be.
4745 ::: A Man's Story (2010) ::: Tailor to Hollywood's A-list, and a superstar in his own right, Ozwald Boateng is a dynamic force of energy, passion and colour. 1998: already celebrated as one of the most talented menswear designers in the world, Ozwald Boateng is about to go bankrupt and divorce his first wife. Through luck and circumstance director Varon Bonicos is able to switch on a camera. It continues to roll for the next twelve years. What emerges is a groundbreaking film that takes us on an exhilarating behind-the-scenes ride into the world of high fashion with one of one of the most influential menswear designers of his generation. Ending in 2010 when Boateng closes London Fashion Week with the biggest menswear show in history, Bonicos is able to get behind the headlines and chart Boateng's singular dream to succeed. Instinctive, flawed and generous, A Man's Story goes to the very heart of what Boateng has spent an entire career trying to distil: "what it is to be a man."
4746 ::: La espina de Dios (2015) ::: Palestine. Century I. The people of Israel remains under Roman rule. A small group of men began to preach the next coming of the Kingdom. Its leader, Rabbi Jesus of Nazareth breathes hope into hearts, their message is of love and hope, but not all were able to understand. This is the story of thirteen men who began an extraordinary journey to Eternity.
4747 ::: Deviant (????/I) ::: "Deviant" is a dark and dramatic tale that chronicles the life of a young man coming to terms with who he truly is and what he truly wants in life. Controlled by those around him he has been unable to choose the life he imagined from childhood. Circumstances beyond his control, from the death of his mother and brother, to a dark secret surrounding his father, have prevented him from truly living life. He quickly becomes involved in the dark and seedy underworld within his hometown all the while attempting to truly find happiness and love. But in order to obtain the love that he truly wants he will first have to learn to love himself.
4748 ::: A Question of Habit (2011) ::: A Question of Habit explores popular culture's fascination with all things "nun" and dives into the real stories behind the women religious in the United States from the battle field medics of the Civil War to the creators of the first HMO in the Country to the political activists fighting against capital punishment.
4749 ::: "Ai shôjo Porianna monogatari" (1986) ::: Based on the two "Glad Books" by Eleanor H. Porter, Pollyanna is a newly orphaned girl sent to live with her strict Aunt Polly in the town of Beldingsville. With her love for gladness, Pollyanna manages to cheer up the depressed, the lonely and the sick. The day in which she is involved in a terrible accident, not even the little girl knows if she'll be able to ever be glad for anything again.
4750 ::: The Omen (1976) ::: Robert and Katherine Thorn seem to have it all. They are happily married and he is the US Ambassador to Great Britain, but they want nothing more than to have children. When Katharine has a stillborn child, Robert is approached by a priest at the hospital who suggests that they take a healthy newborn whose mother has just died in childbirth. Without telling his wife he agrees. After relocating to London, strange events - and the ominous warnings of a priest - lead him to believe that the child he took from that Italian hospital is evil incarnate. Gregory Peck is the ambassador to the United States whose wife has a stillborn child. Without her knowledge, he substitutes another baby as theirs. A few years go by, and then grisly deaths begin to happen. The child's nanny hangs herself and a priest is speared to death in a freak accident. It turns out the child is the son of Satan and can only be killed with the seven daggers of Meggado.
4751 ::: L'arcano incantatore (1996) ::: A seminary student, Giacomo Vigetti, is convicted by the Papal State of seducing a young girl. He is forced to flee and takes refuge with an excommunicated priest. Unfortunately, the priest was excommunicated for experimenting with the black arts. And soon Giacomo wishes they'd never met.
4752 ::: "The Folly" (2017) ::: Kitty arrives over expecting an app she thinks is in development. So Steve does what any self respecting manager would do, convinces the entire office to lie with him and string Kitty along. But how long can he keep the charade up with the important investor meeting looming?
4753 ::: Pipeline Masters (2006) ::: The Pipeline Masters competition; where surf history was made. There is Gerry's Era, and Gerry's Army, the Free Ride Generation and the birth of backside tube riding, Simon Anderson's spectacular three-fin Thruster debut. There is Michael Ho's broken wrist wonder, Tom Carroll and The Snap, Sunny Garcia's Three Knockdowns. There is the Rise and Rise of Kelly Slater and the Frontdoor/Backdoor domination of the Irons Bros. Year after year of outrageous rides, bone-crushing wipe-outs, nail-biting competition and the sort of drama that can only come when you pit the very best against the very worst: some of the most deadly, hairy, out-of-control waves ever seen. Pipeline Masters captures it all: the history, the action, the legends and lore-the soul-of the greatest surfing event ever.
4754 ::: Fury at Furnace Creek (1948) ::: The Arizona wilderness, 1880. Gen. Fletcher Blackwell sends a message telling Capt. Walsh, who is escorting a wagon-train through Apache territory, heading for the fort at Furnace Creek, that he should cancel the escort and rush to another town. Apache leader "Little Dog" is leading the attack on the wagon-train and massacring everyone at the poorly manned fort. As a result the treaty is broken with the Indians and the white settlers take over the territory with the help of the calvary, as the Apaches are wiped out and only "Little Dog" remains at large. Gen. Fletcher Blackwell is court-martial-led for treason. The general's 2 sons, Cash Blackwell and Capt. Rufe Blackwell, each with a different disposition, go about trying to find evidence to clear their father's name. The son of a U.S. Army general, unjustly accused of giving orders which resulted in a massacre in 1880, visits the boom-town of Furnace Creek, Arizona seeking evidence of his father's innocence. His brother, in town for the same reason and both using aliases, is brought to trial when a former army captain, from whom he had obtained a confession clearing the father, is murdered. He is found guilty and an agitated lynch mob is forming.
4755 ::: Neuerburg (1998) ::: A film essay on Ulla Neuerburg, a theater director from Germany, reflecting her work and living in the USA. The visual track of this film was shot in Iceland and in New York City. Formally it's an essay on how sight and sound can influence perception when they are separate from each other.
4756 ::: Tory the Little Dust Devil (????) ::: The story takes place in a lake where Jim is fishing for fish for food to feed his family. Out of the blues a Tornando appears to him and talks to Jim. The Tornando becomes his friend and helps him catch a big fish. The become good friends.
4757 ::: Production Hell (2011) ::: This film is a documentary based on three location scouts, who in the summer of 2010 went missing while on location. Some time later, their footage was delivered to authorities by mail and it had been manipulated and edited into a horror film. The trio's whereabouts is still unknown. 'Production Hell' combines the original footage of the missing cast and recent interviews from investigators, witnesses and colleagues. The location footage has been contaminated with unexplained sequences, sound effects and blurs the line between fact and fiction. It is near impossible to distinguish the reality of the disturbing events that transpire.
4758 ::: BUG BOY Adventures (1999) ::: After Bug Boy (Edward Nyahay) meets up with Jackie (Jacqueline Lovell), who has been receiving visions of him, he learns how to become a man, and helps others seek out God. 12 years later, Bug Boy becomes a mad scientist who recreates a new Bug Boy (Michael Boxleitner).
4759 ::: We Are Astronomers (2011) ::: For nearly fourteen months, filmmaker David Dillehunt followed the rising Virginia based music group Astronomers, capturing a wide array of live performances, recording sessions, and countless candid moments. This sharp, often humorous feature length documentary traces their path to notoriety from solo, coffee house beginnings in Texas, to the historic Jefferson Theater, culminating in a stellar CD release show at The Southern Cafe and Music Hall in Charlottesville. Join band mates Nate Bolling, Alexandra Angelich, David Brear, and Graham Partridge for a truly entertaining, musical journey that showcases this talented group on its search for stardom.
4760 ::: Assassin's Code (????) ::: When Joe Ledger and Echo Team rescue a group of American college kids held hostage in Iran, the Iranian government asks them to help find six nuclear bombs planted in the Mideast oil fields. These stolen WMDs will lead Joe and Echo Team into hidden vaults of forbidden knowledge, mass-murder, betrayal and a brotherhood of genetically-engineered killers with a thirst for blood.
4761 ::: O milionári, který ukradl slunce (1948) ::: Adaptation of a social tale by Jirí Wolker - a classical piece of Czech animated cinematography. A millionaire who owns a whole town, its factories and workers, falls ill. The surgeons tell him that sunshine is the only cure for him. The millionaire orders the sun to be taken down from the sky and put in a metal enclosure to shine only for himself.
4762 ::: Kshay (2011) ::: When Chhaya's eyes catch sight of an unfinished sculpture, her mind catches an infection. Gradually sucking at the fabric of her life, it turns her harmless need for the sculpture into an uncontrollable craving. Like any infection, it affects whatever it touches - her home, her dreams, her childless condition and Arvind, the only family she's got. Chhaya has to have that sculpture, no matter what the price. Kshay revolves around the personification of an obsession, fueled by nothing more than intangible desires. Chhaya is a simple housewife who has an artistic bent of mind and a seemingly happy life with her husband Arvind. Money trickles in every month and life goes on for an unassuming Chhaya, until her eyes catch hold of an unfinished sculpture of the Hindu Goddess, Lakshmi. Her values and relationships as she knows them begin to decay day by day, surrendering to the clutches of an ugly obsession that feeds on her weaknesses and past disappointments. She must have the "Lakshmi", as if to make up for all that she has yearned for in her life. Kshay takes an unforgiving look at obsession; how it eats at the frailty of our minds, corroding reasoning, reality and emotional fulfilment.
4763 ::: "Kikô senki Doragunâ" (1987) ::: In the year 2087, the Lunar Empire of Giganos has taken over the Moon, and seeks to conquer the Earth. The Lunar Empire uses giant robotic mechs to achieve a superior advantage over the Earth Alliance... until one day when three special Giganos mechs, the Dragonars, are lost in space and land on a neutral space colony. Three of the residents - Ken Wakaba, Tapp Oceano and Light Newman - come across the suits and become their pilots, taking the fight to the Giganos to protect the Earth. But as the first ever humans to wield such advanced technology, do they have a chance?
4764 ::: Anna (1987) ::: Anna is a middle-aged actress looking for work in New York City, with the help of her sometime lover, Daniel. She used to be a Czech film star married to the director Tonda, who is now successfully making commercials in New York. After the 1968 invasion of Czechoslovakia, Anna was imprisoned and eventually exiled. Anna takes in the young girl Krystyna, who has just arrived from Czechoslovakia, and speaks no English. Anna and Daniel help Krystyna learn English and start a promising acting career. However, the only job Anna can find is as an understudy.
4765 ::: Gibby (2016) ::: A young teenage girl, Katie, can not snap out of her depression after losing her mother. Katie has lost interest in school, her friends, and gymnastics. All that changes in the summer when she is asked to monkeysit Gibby, her science teacher's Capuchin monkey. Taking care of the monkey changes her life in a big way. Gibby's happy-go-lucky personality renews Katie's zest for life. Gibby helps her with gymnastics, renewing friendships (including finding a potential boyfriend) and overcoming her nemesis, a mean girl who is out to beat Katie at everything.
4766 ::: Zurück in die Stadt von Morgen (2005) ::: Much as in relay and through a series of minimalist cameos different people take the lead through the Berlin Hansa Quarter, a neighborhood built in 1957 as the city of tomorrow. Official state descriptions merge with reviews of the utopia of the architects and future life prospects. Great utopia is referenced to chronicle happenings and stories of everyday life which are played out against a backdrop of the buildings of popular architects and become a portrait of the quarter and its inhabitants.
4767 ::: Silver Tongues (2011) ::: SILVER TONGUES follows a couple, GERRY and JOAN, who use their talent for acting and performance as part of a dark game. Driving from town to town, the two lovers don different personas to deceive and destroy the lives of the people in their path. But each manipulation begins to take its toll. Soon the performances spiral out of control, and the game itself threatens their very relationship.
4768 ::: Ne sam zatvoren krag (2001) ::: This film is about Alexander Vutimski - one of the most confessional and tragic Bulgarian poets, who passed away in the age of 24. He, who foreboded his forthcoming end, and captured with the perspicacity of a clairvoyant the spirit of totalitarian times that came to reign only a year after his death, aristocratic to the marrow of his bones, he flashed thunder-like but is never to be forgotten.
4769 ::: Kimono (2001) ::: A hot summer day on a country road. A young woman in her bridal dress gets kicked out of a car. Lost and frustrated, she wanders off across a sea of grass into a dark wood - and discovers an abandoned house. Tired and worn out, she lies down on a bed. When she is awakened from her nap by a clap of thunder, she sees a cup of steaming hot tea and a package on the floor. She opens it - and finds a kimono. The bride knows she no longer is alone ... but should she put on the kimono?
4770 ::: Wild Cherry (2009) ::: In high school, three girlfriends decide to make a secret pact with each other to wait to have sex, save themselves until they feel the time is right, despite an aggressive plan from the opposing sex.
4771 ::: Le magicien de Kaboul (2008) ::: In 2001, Haruhiro Shiratori lost his only child in the attacks on the World Trade Center. Instead of isolating himself in grief, he decided to meet the Afghan people and help them, to prevent such attacks from happening again. Over four years and on three continents, Philippe Baylaucq filmed the quest of this Japanese Don Quixote who dreamed of building a cultural center for the children of Kabul. The double story of a humanist project ambushed by problems and a father seeking reconciliation with his dead son.
4772 ::: Railway Children (2012) ::: The world has been devastated by a virus that has decimated the adult population leaving small children and teenagers to roam the scarred landscape attempting to form some kind of society with dramatic and violent results. Sisters Evie (Catherine Wrigglesworth) and Fran (Emily Forster) have been traveling from town to town, gathering food and finding accommodation as they move from place to place. They keep to themselves; Evie reading chapters from E. Nesbit's classic children's story 'The Railway Children' to her little sister in an attempt to bring a sense of normality to their bleak existence - the novel was a favorite bedtime read as both girls were growing up; their mother (Jennifer Graham) their favorite reader. Finding overnight shelter in a derelict building, the sisters soon settle down only to be awoken by shouts from another room. Investigating, Evie witnesses the beating of a girl. She watches in horror until the mob leaves the building and the girl behind. Tentatively going to her aid, the girl whom Evie discovers is called Alice (Justine Rodgers) leads them to a large building at the edge of the city from where they hear singing coming from a basement window. They investigate . . . . . .so begins a battle of wills between newcomers and those holding tenuous threads of a commune civilization together; add to this further invidious threats from two of the girls' darker pasts and an already tense atmosphere is soon to explode into violence.
4773 ::: When Medicine Got It Wrong (2009) ::: When Medicine Got it Wrong is the groundbreaking story of loving parents who rocked the halls of psychiatry, changing how we understand schizophrenia. In the 1970s, a small group of parents rebelled against then-popular psychiatric theories blaming schizophrenia on bad parenting. Their activism helped revolutionize treatment forever and their stories reveal the origins of the tragic state of mental health care today. In 1974 a small group of parents became the first in the nation to publicly refuse blame for causing their children to have schizophrenia. They formed Parents of Adult Schizophrenics and their activism led to parents around the nation demanding changes in how the disease is understood and treated. Parents of Adult Schizophrenics waged their battles in an era when mental hospitals were shutting down and the most severely ill patients were turned over to the promise of community care. Yet that community care rarely materialized. When Medicine Got it Wrong shows how these families launched one of the fastest growing grassroots movements the nation had seen to date, ushering in an era of dramatic advances in understanding, treatment and brain research. Medicine now knows that recovery is possible, and happens for the vast majority who receive treatment. Most communities, however, still wrestle with mental health care policies based on debunked theories from the 1960's and '70's - pushing many with severe mental illness directly into homelessness or incarceration.
4774 ::: The End (2008/V) ::: In 'The End,' the audience meets Emilia Bastion and John Keats in the middle of an argument at his apartment. In it, they explore the difficulty that can come when struggling to understand how to handle problems that have overwhelmed their relationship.
4775 ::: Shield of Solomon (2008) ::: Thousands of men, women and children from Southern Sudan and the region of Darfur have been killed in what's described as the first genocide of the 21stCentury. Shield of Solomon, a new documentary by Igal Hecht and Chutzpa Productions brings the story of four refugees from Darfur who have found sanctuary in the most unlikely place, the Jewish state of Israel.
4776 ::: "Black and Single" (2012) ::: Black & Single is a web-series that follows the lives of Oni and Jesse. Two young, single and black professionals that work in the same office building and are seemingly perfect for each other. There is one problem. They never meet. They intersect each others lives at hilarious and various moments while searching for love when true love passes them by everyday unwittingly. Will they ever meet? Only time will tell.
4777 ::: The Maharajah of Jodhpur: The Legacy Lives On... (2004) ::: 'The Maharaja of Jodhpur' is an exclusive documentation of the life of one of India's most distinguished royals - His Highness The Maharaja Gaj Singh II of Marwar - Jodhpur. It's the story of his quest to reinvent his role and relevance in democratic, republican India and of his struggle to preserve a glorious way of life.
4778 ::: "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" (2001) ::: A Hong Kong version of the popular quiz show. Contestants start off with easy questions, but as they move forward the questions get more and more challenging. To help them out, they are given "lifelines" that let them either eliminate two of the four possible answers, call a friend at home for help, or take a poll of the audience for what they think the right answer is.
4779 ::: Blunt (1998) ::: When struggling actor Harris Treborn decides it's time to give it all up after seven years of floundering in LA, he's got only 3 days left to put everything in his life in order. His best friend Joe convinces him to rob his boss in order to fund his return trip home, his girlfriend gets pregnant from a current hollywood superstar and former first roommate, and his deaf landlady wants to kill him for leaving her.
4780 ::: Nooit Niks (2017) ::: 'Nooit Niks' is a short fictional film about the way someone with Alzheimer's disease experiences the world. The film tells the story of the life of Hannie, that becomes more and more abstract when the disease gets worse. Geertje Kil based the film on the life of her grandmother. Film techniques based on Dadaism and Surrealism are used to visualize confusion.
4781 ::: Showdown in an American Jungle (2016) ::: A con artist, Nick Davenport (David Hill) finds himself in too deep when he unearths a chest of valuables that have been buried for nearly 20 years. When he and his nephew Gerald Davenport (Kashif Gould) realize the mysterious history behind it, they are pursued by two brothers from Africa, Minkailu Bah (Chibuzo Oparanyanwu) and Saifu Bah (Eriq Sabin) who demand their family's jewels or Nick and Gerald will face severe consequences.
4782 ::: Sounding the Alarm: Battling the Autism Epidemic (2014) ::: How is it we know so little about something so widespread? None of us are more than a family member or neighbor away from autism. Sounding the Alarm follows autism families as they negotiate tangled rules and regulations, and steadfastly fight to find and afford the right care and treatment for their loved ones throughout their lives.
4783 ::: Untrue Grit (????) ::: Untrue Grit, created and written by Andrea Portes. Gun- toting, wisecracking teenager KODY WILKES, refuses to "know her place" as a girl, living back in the days of the Wild West. But when the entire town is held hostage during a bank heist, she is the only one left to thwart the bank robbers.
4784 ::: Ladies' Man (1947) ::: Henry Haskell (Eddie Bracken), owner of a hard-scrabble farm near Badger, Oklahona, thwarted in love and through with women forever, strikes oil while digging for water and becomes a millionaire. He heads for New York, with $50,000 in his pocket, to fulfill his lifelong ambition of seeing Grant's Tomb and riding the subway. Fortune-huntress Gladys Hayden (Virginia Field) moves into rooms adjoining Henry's at his swank New York hotel. He joins a large crowd on the street and suddenly finds himself being interviewed by Jean Mitchell (Virginia Wells) on a "Streets of New York" broadcast. When Henry says he is the only millionaire from Badger, Oklahoma, Jean impulsively offers to introduce him to any listener who sends in a box-top of her sponsor's face powder. Henry invites Jean to dine at the Automat and a ride home on the subway and, since he borrows nickels from her for food and the subway, she doubts he is really a millionaire. She is unaware he couldn't get change for a $100 bill. On the subway, they encounter Spike Jones and His City Slickers and, learning they are out of work, Henry gives them each $100 bills. Millions of women, clamouring for dates with Henry, send in box-tops. Jean and her uncle dream up a radio program that promises some lucky Cinderella a date with Henry each night. Jean puts on an act that makes Henry, self-vowed woman-hater, think her job is in jeopardy and he goes along. And Gladys makes strides with Henry with her phoney southern accent. When Henry learns that he has been tricked into the radio scheme, he pretends to be bankrupt...
4785 ::: Drugiyat nash vazmozhen zhivot (2004) ::: A man and a woman meet again after many years - on the territory and circumstances of post-socialist Bulgaria. A university graduate and poetess, forced to adapt herself to the new social environment, she survives in her own country as a tram driver. Having arrived for his father's funeral after years of travels abroad, he catches a glimpse of his old flame accidentally in a tram. Could they bring back their emotional time, the time of their lives? Could they try to resurrect whatever bound them together in their youth?
4786 ::: Asalto al Banco Central (1983) ::: May 23, 1981. A group of criminals tries to seize almost eight hundred million pesetas at the headquarters of the Central Bank of Barcelona, kidnapping people inside the building. While it is not at all clear who is behind the assault, the main suspects will be a radio broadcaster, a newspaper editor and a government deputy. Meanwhile, two journalists have picked up the rumor that something will happen in the city. A meeting of the extreme right, a committed photograph in the hands of a socialist politician, the pressure in the newspapers and the crime will mingle in the same period of time.
4787 ::: Curse of the Queen's Eye (2018) ::: While trekking in the low-lying hills of Nepal, best friends Beth and Marianne, get caught up in the middle of a jewel heist when they unwittingly buy a stolen gem. They set out on a hilarious adventure as they scramble to stay one step ahead of the bad guys and the handsome stranger hot on their trail.
4788 ::: Filia eis ta paidia (2011) ::: Five elderly Greek-Jewish people tell on camera the story of their childhood hardships during the German Occupation in Greece. Vassilis Loules retrieves memories from the Nazi invasion, the desperate flee, the rescue of children in generous houses of other Greeks and the burden of personal loss in one of the most touching Greek documentaries of the recent years.
4789 ::: Seulpeumiyeo jal itgeora (1965) ::: A man and his family struggle with poverty. His wife, unable to bear such a life, deserts her husband and their three children. The man next loses his house as he cannot afford the rent. While living homeless in the streets, his youngest daughter dies. Vowing to end his children's suffering, the man kills his oldest daughter and intends to kill himself and his son. His son, however, refuses to cooperate.
4790 ::: Deul-kkot (2014) ::: Eun-soo and Soo-hyang who are teenagers have no home, stealing the cellphones for living. One day they found the girl named Ha-dam beaten by a homeless person. They rescued her and ended up living together. Wandering on the streets, they were caught in a trap, which leads them to prostitute.
4791 ::: La vieille femme aux dents jaunes (2005) ::: At the dusk of his life, an old man remembers an unforgettable moment, the crossroads of the tormented child he was and the strange smile of an old woman. A poem in the form of a film, a film in the form of a poem. Set in the dream-like universe of childhood memories, somewhere between dream and reality, the story tinted with melancholy and silence about a declaration of love between a grandchild and his grandmother.
4792 ::: Boom Boom Bang (1998) ::: This documentary video focuses on several performing artists and writers working and living in the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur during the boom period of the late 1990s. The portrait of the artists is at the same time a portrait of a city in frenzy. Jo, Mano, Rehman, Rafique and friends are critical of the status quo and reflect upon the current political and economic situation through their work. How do they deal with the mainstream and how does the society react towards them?
4793 ::: Moment (1972) ::: A view of a gas station is seen from inside, behind a multi-paneled tire ad display. In a 2 1/2 minute sequence, ordinary events are seen intermittently through the opening display. This sequence is then divided and rearranged seven times in reverse order, each time in smaller units until finally the film appears to move smoothly backwards. In information theory a "moment" is defined as the shortest duration at which no distinctions can be made between units of information. This film dynamically reveals film's basic unit, the frame.
4794 ::: Sotto il segno dello scorpione (1969) ::: A devastating volcanic eruption on a remote island forces the remaining islanders to flee to the safety of the mainland, far away from the seismic epicentre. Cast ashore in a strange and unknown place, deprived of food, water and shelter, the small group of survivors must rapidly seek for nourishment as well as for a new location to call home once again. Inevitably, their search will bring them up against the mainlanders, who are not quite willing to abandon their homes for a new beginning with the newcomers. Alas, a conflict is brewing and the fine balance of life is bound to be disturbed with unknown results...
4795 ::: Unlikely Prophets (2009) ::: Life for Reed Farris is not looking too good when he returns home to live with his aunt. A ridiculous ultimatum and a series of misfortunes set our hero up for a collision with a corrupt local televangelist and an assortment of unsavory characters.
4796 ::: Fate and Mr. McKinley (2006) ::: 'Fate and Mr. McKinley' uses modern technology to look back at the classic shorts of the silent era. It raises questions about fate, and how what goes around comes around, but the balance isn't always restored. T
4797 ::: Patrimonio nacional (1981) ::: Second installment of the saga of the Leguineche's preceded by "The National Shotgun" and completed by "National III". After the death of Franco (1975) and the restoration of the monarchy, the Marquis of Leguineche returns to his palace in Madrid. After thirty years of voluntary exile in his farm in Los Tejadillos, he intends to approach the King to resume the court life of yesteryear. However, it is not so easy to access to the Royal Family.
4798 ::: "Morton & Hayes" (1991) ::: Rob Reiner hosts a showing of the long-lost films of that wacky old comedy team 'Morton & Hayes'... which is really just an excuse for Christopher Guest, Joe Flaherty & Dick Blasucci to make their own comedy shorts a la Abbott & Costello.
4799 ::: Spanish Lake (2014) ::: A documentary on white flight in the area of Spanish Lake, Missouri, a post WW2 suburb. The town experiences rapid economic decline and population turnover due to racism and governmental policies which support the white exodus. The themes of the film parallel America's growing political divide, racial tension, and rise of anti-government sentiment.
4800 ::: Den gode nazist (2015) ::: One day Ole is visiting his beloved grandmother, he finds a photo everyone thought was burned for long. A picture of Hitler who greets a man in uniform. The man is Ole's great grandfather - admiral and director of a giant yard in Germany. Ole's grandmother has always told that Oldefar was the best man of the world - but is it all the truth? This is how Ole's journey begins into a dark part of family history, where nobody has been before. A story that leads him to Berlin and Paris and is far more serious than he thought, even for himself.
4801 ::: React Now: Music & Relief (2005) ::: Hurricane Katrina relief concert featuring live and taped performances from artists in New York, Los Angeles and Nashville.
4802 ::: May Divorce Be With You (2018) ::: Ava has been separated from her loveless marriage for two years, when her sister, Piper decides to take things into her own hands. Determined to make things final so Ava can move onto her next chapter, Piper takes Ava on a girls trip with their wild group of friends, including their 5 time divorced Nana and throws the divorce party of a lifetime.
4803 ::: Quiet (2002) ::: In the heart of a sanitized suburban neighborhood, Herbert's everyday life is filled with constant emasculation at the hands of his wife, Eleanor, and the daily grind of work on the chain. He also tries to cope with the recent death of his 6 year old son Jacob, whose presence can still be felt in the house. For escape he paints the visions that haunt him, while Eleanor sends all of his hard earned money to a seedy tele-evangelist. Told as if reading the pages of a diary, along with a stunning visual style, Quiet illustrates that beyond the brink of madness lies one man's sanity.
4804 ::: Naeileun jukeuljirado (1969) ::: Kyeong-il falls into what seems like an incestuous relationship with his half-sister, Su-yeon. Although Su-yeon's father knows the children are not related since Su-yeon was adopted, he opposes their relationship and keeps the truth a secret from them until the bitter end.
4805 ::: Kayfabe (2007) ::: Ever wonder how on earth somebody actually becomes a professional wrestler? It's a lot less glamorous than you might think... Over the last several decades, for 20 bucks a night in front of crowds of less than 100, the "stars" of the Tri-Cities International Championship Wrestling Federation (TCICWF) have been trying to make it to the big time by performing their own campy brand of sports entertainment. In the process, they have inadvertently offended just about everybody in town. And now that the TCICWF is shutting down forever, these colorful, eccentric, clueless, indie wrestlers have one last chance to show the world that they belong in the big leagues. Kayfabe pulls no punches while revealing the hilarious absurdities of independent professional wrestling.
4806 ::: "On Camera" (1966) ::: F.R. Buckley presents the tale of the Stanfield Hall murders, during which James Bloomfield Rush murdered the Recorder of Norwich, Isaac Jermy, Esq., along with his son, and critically wounded Mrs Jermy and her chambermaid, all on a dark winter's night in November 1848. Filmed in many of the key locations, this film uses dramatic reconstructions to illustrate the long and complicated story of one of Victorian Norfolk's darkest events. Tracing the life of Rush, from his mysterious, fatherless birth, to a life spent with his stepfather Mr John Rush and his mother, both of whom died under strange circumstances, the film explores his relationship with petulant landowner and rector Rev. George Preston, and his confrontations with Preston's son, Isaac Jermy, one of his eventual victims. Tales of unpaid mortgages and falsified documents lead to a climactic recreation of the fateful night when Rush embarked on his murderous rampage, followed by his subsequent arrest and trial, the delivery of a guilty verdict at Norwich Assizes and his execution by hanging outside Norwich Castle.
4807 ::: Harm (2015) ::: Harming means self-injuring. With a razor blade, a knife, a shard of glass. Harmers usually hide their scars from the outside world. What they do to themselves is not only kept secret from the world, but also from their close friends and relatives. Harm invites the audience into this world of mystery and understanding. It follows its' emotionally capturing characters in the process of trying to overcome their psychological problems. They are ready to make a step forward in understanding themselves. They are ready to unfold their unsettled past with the risk of discovering dangerous things on the way.
4808 ::: "Acting! The Saga Continues" (2015) ::: "Acting: The Saga Continues" is a new comedy web series about a gang of misfit acting students and their pompous and overbearing teacher, Laurence. Unable to quit the class without forfeiting their tuition, the students engage in a competition to see which one can perform the worst theater in hopes that "Larry" will kick them out of class. The prize? A full refund!
4809 ::: Koodevide? (1983) ::: Alice, who lives with her brother, is a teacher at a convent school in Ooty. A neglected and unruly son of a MP, Xavier Puthooran joins the school in Alice's class. Alice manages to turn him into a prize student. Her boy friend Capt. Thomas feels intensely jealous of the attention Alice bestows upon Ravi. He kills the boy apparently by accident but later surrenders to the police, leaving Alice frustrated in all aspects of her life.
4810 ::: Camp Kickitoo (2012) ::: A fast-paced hip-hop comedy, centers on the unlikely romance between Alvin, an unemployed banker, and Wanda B, a beautiful hip-hop singer. Recent MBA graduate and pretty-good drummer, Alvin accepts a summer job at Camp Kickitoo, which turns out to be not your usual summer camp, but a rehab facility for minor drug offenders, introducing a mixed bag of colorful characters. Initially assigned to the kitchen as a pot washer, Alvin becomes a camp counselor in charge of Wanda, an angry camper unjustly busted for marijuana possession. United by music, stormy relationship evolves into steamy love affair.
4811 ::: "Hope Rising" (2017) ::: In 1999 International Science Engineering Laboratories (ISEL) created the first Genetically Engineered human being, Called "Project 101" - created from female stem cells, "Project 101" was designed to withstand disease and illness of any type; in essence, she would be a super-human. However, ISEL discovered a flaw; Project 101 had a molecular protein dysfunction of MAO-A levels, a major brain protein that controls emotions. So, on December 15, 1999, ISEL Headquarters ordered that the Project be aborted. However, "Project 101" - thought to be aborted, was actually saved by a young research scientist named Diane Wade, and she and "Project 101" disappeared into the night. In order to save billions of dollars in scheduled Grants, ISEL scientist reported the project aborted. However, the team also feared that Diane could likely have the knowledge to fulfill the mission, so agents were contracted to find and destroy both Diane and "Project 101," now a beautiful young girl, going by the name "Hope Rising."
4812 ::: NHL Winter Classic (2017) ::: This matchup was of the storied Blackhawks-Blues rivalry, both members of the NHL's Central Division. The game was held in St. Louis to mark the 50th anniversary of the Great Expansion of 1967, in which the Blues, Pittsburgh Penguins, Philadelphia Flyers, Los Angeles Kings, Minnesota North Stars (which became the Dallas Stars in 1993) and California Golden Seals (who merged with the North Stars in 1978; the San Jose Sharks were then spun off from the North Stars in 1991) were formed, doubling the league's size.
4813 ::: The Westward Trail (1948) ::: Ann and Tom Howard arrive from the east to take up ranching. But Tom wants to return and forges his sister's name to the deed and sells it to Larson. Eddie knows there is silver ore in the area and that Lawson, who killed the Sheriff, is out to get all the ranches. When Lawson appoints himself the new Sheriff, Eddie organizes the ranchers to fight Lawson and his men. Ann Howard and her brother, Steve, purchase a ranch in Prairie City, but unknown to them a rich vein of silver ore runs through the property and a gang of outlaws, led by the town's crooked sheriff, plot to get the land. Tom, the weakest character ever seen in a B-western, is none too thrilled with the wild west and wants to go back east. The sheriff talks him into forging his sister's name to a deed which he thinks he can sell to the sheriff. But the sheriff has other plans, takes the deed, refuses to pay Tom for it and is holding the forged document as a blackmail threat. Eddie Dean, an undercover federal agent, and his partner, "Soapy" Jones, learn of the underhanded deal and decide to straighten things out.
4814 ::: Napapiirin sankarit 3 (2017) ::: Janne is having an emotional crisis and decides to go for a hike in the beautiful nature of Lapland - alone. As usual, things don't work out that easily. Inari wants to return to work life and sees an opportunity when her friend invites her to the annual swamp football tournament.
4815 ::: Bomba u 10 i 10 (1967) ::: Two partisan raiders, escaping from prison, one of them is an expert in explosives and bomb conclude with a few illegals, strong enough to assassinate the esesovskog lieutenant commander of the concentration camps and execution of a task depends on the girl who is in love with a commando while the recruited by SS.
4816 ::: Everything's Bigger: Adam Pacitti's Accidental Guide to Texas (2012) ::: 'Everything's Bigger: Adam Pacitti's Accidental Guide to Texas' is a documentary about a documentary gone wrong. Originally a follow-up to 'Pinfall: A Professional Wrestling Documentary', this was meant to be broadcast on British television as an insight into my wrestling career. When I arrived in Texas I wasn't allowed to wrestle. Improvising, I decided to make a new documentary about the Lone Star State. From competitive eating and handguns to cowboys and conspiracy theorists, Everything's Bigger is pretty unique. More importantly, whilst in Texas I met someone pretty special.
4817 ::: "For the Record" (2017) ::: Greta looks at the latest stories and welcomes guests Pete Williams, Kasie Hunt, Clarence Page, Bill Kristol, Jim Cavanaugh, Sen. Richard Blumenthal, Ted Williams, Joe Crowley, Sari Horwitz, Tim Carney, Margaret Carlson and Rep. Ron DeSantis.
4818 ::: Tsunami - Das Leben danach (2012) ::: Michael Schäffer is among the Westerners whose families are killed in the great tsunami while on holiday at Thailand's Phuket beach. So is Billi Cramer, who is less introvert and hence accepts a Greek international relief force therapist's advice to seek contact with a compatriot in the same position. They got on so well there may be a real relationship in the making, but the grief still weighs heavily.
4819 ::: The Love Statue (1965) ::: Wimpy struggling Greenwich Village painter Tyler Westin is in love with gorgeous, but mean and snippy cabaret dancer Lisa, who treats Tyler like dirt and constantly belittles him. Sultry nightclub singer Mashiko turns Tyler on to LSD. After a nightmarish three day acid trip, Tyler returns to his shabby apartment to find Lisa murdered. Is Tyler responsible for her death? Or did someone else kill Lisa?
4820 ::: "Son of a Don" (2018) ::: It's 1956 - the peak of Mafioso involvement with Professional Boxing - So, what would happen when two separate, Mafia-born, boxing managers put the fix on two different fighters in the same match? You'll get the wildest, most outrageously unique fight of all time. The story's main character, Gino Morella, is the loyal son of an elderly Mafia Don - Renato Morella. When the elderly Don is hospitalized after an altercation with an angry 'organ grinder's monkey', his son, Gino, must ensure the outcome of the match or else watch the family's finances end up in ruins.
4821 ::: "Untamed China" (2011) ::: In this extraordinary series, wildlife adventurer Nigel Marven crosses China's greatest deserts, treks through its deepest jungles and climbs the Sichuan Mountains. He unveils creatures, scenery and customs never seen on our screens before.
4822 ::: Frank Serpico (2017) ::: In play at John jay college of criminal justice re:Thomas Beckett serpico played a tempter to the soon to be fallen becket for his unwavering religious convictions may have propelled serpico to face certain danger and even death which Beckett did not escape In the early 1970s, one man stood up to the entire New York City police force. Hailed as a hero by many, hated by others, officer Frank Serpico made headlines when he blew the whistle on a culture of bribery and corruption within the department. His one-man crusade for police reform inspired the Al Pacino classic that bears his name, but the real life saga is as gripping as anything Hollywood could dream up. Now, Serpico tells his story in his own words: from his Italian-American roots in Brooklyn to his disillusionment with the NYPD to his riveting account of a dramatic drug bust -- and possible set-up -- that ended with him being shot in the face. Featuring music by Jack White and interviews with Serpico's associates and admirers -- including Luc Sante and John Turturro -- this is an inspiring, all-access portrait of a courageous man who refused to betray his ideals.
4823 ::: Need (2008) ::: A biracial woman, after experiencing sexual trauma searches for love and compassion. She sacrifices her dignity and integrity in a desire to find love. By night, she feeds her sexual addiction to fill the void of loneliness. Her addiction is a tool, a necessity in her search for love and true intimacy.
4824 ::: Hollywood Cries (????) ::: A brother and sister face health issues. A mother deals with her autistic son and her fracturing family. A starlet falls into the clutches of prostitution. An immigrant chases his dreams while watching his girlfriend slide into insanity. A freak accident brings them all together and changes their lives forever.
4825 ::: Backstage Pass (2006) ::: Liquid Zoo, a hot young rock band, is mixing their new single, the one that'll put 'em over the top, in a secluded recording studio in the mountains. But when members of the group begin to die, and a reporter starts to uncover the motive behind the madness, what started off as the road to success becomes a race for their lives. Get ready to go back to the basics: a haunted house, in the middle of nowhere, where people are trapped with a brutal killer. This is the horror ... behind the music.
4826 ::: The Cherry Orchard (1962) ::: Madame Ranevskaya is a spoiled aging aristocratic lady, who returns from a trip to Paris to face the loss of her magnificent Cherry Orchard estate after a default on the mortgage. In denial, she continues living in the past, deluding herself and her family, while the beautiful cherry trees are being axed down by the re-possessor Lopakhin, her former serf, who has his own agenda.
4827 ::: Dead Mall Series: Creepy Cafe - Phillipsburg Mall ft. Music by Dan Mason (2016) ::: Dan Bell takes viewers on a tour of the Phillipsburg Mall located in Phillipsburg, NJ. Dan's narration provides a history of the mall while commenting on its current state of decline in this addition to his popular ongoing Dead Mall Series.
4828 ::: Mio caro dottor Gräsler (1990) ::: A Pre-World War I physician in Austria struggles with his decision about which woman he will marry. Miranda Richardson plays the roles of two different women in his life.
4829 ::: "5 Seekers" (2006) ::: Our human make up is such that everyone on the face of the planet longs to believe in something. Freud called it the "God-hole" and never before has this hole been so wide and deep. In Western culture today, many people have lives that from the outside look complete - house, family and career all in order but something is missing, something truly spiritual calls to them. 5 Seekers is a six-part reality/documentary series that takes a small group of compelling characters on a journey to try and fill that hole. Guided by host Ralph Benmergui, our eager group of five women and men, travel to some of the most spiritually attuned places in the world and come in close contact with new ideas, great teachers and exciting experiences They also come in contact with some obscure and fringe practices that inspire irreverence amidst the reverence.
4830 ::: Double Crossed: Ar Hudarga (2015) ::: Successful, yet cocky guy Aldar picks up a girl at the bar in a bet with his friends. Aldar gets involved with the girl's complicated life and gets thrown in a jail for a false charge. Aldar fights for his life in the jail, but betrayed by his friends, left with no money and got set up in a scam, he can't do anything but to survive. Mysterious man comes into the jail cell and takes control of the criminals and becomes the new cell boss. The new cell boss helps him to clear his name and take his revenge.
4831 ::: Flinch (1994) ::: Harry and Daphne meet at their job: Standing in a shop's window as living dolls, they spend several hours per day without moving and if they move (flinch), they will loose their job. One evening, they witness a murder being committed in front of the window, but when they go to the police, no one believes them. The murderer is now on their trail, though... The aspiring actress Daphne and the aspiring lawyer Harry Mirapolsky work in a department store window as live mannequins to survive. Daphne is financially supported by her boyfriend William that neglects her, and Harry that failed three times in the examination to the Bar Association has a non-requited crush on her. One night, the unfaithful William blew Daphne off and she breaks with him. Harry invites her to go to the store to spend the night partying. They accidentally witness the artist Miles Raymond killing his model in his car and they go to the police to report the murder. They are attended by Detective "Bat" Fowler that studied with Harry and he does not believe on them. He conducts a superficial investigation and does not arrest Miles. Daphne and Harry decide to quit their job and she moves to his apartment. Meanwhile Miles mistakenly kills Daphne's replacement in the window. Soon they discover that the killer is hunting them down and they need to so something to protect themselves.
4832 ::: Ágrólszakadt úrilány (1943) ::: Mail <svaradi@sprynet.com> for translation. Dr.Koltay a társaság dédelgetett kedvence. Napjai kellemesen telnek az ebéd- és vacsorameghivásokkal, bridzspartikkal, táncestélyekkel és párbajügyekkel. Egy napon megunja az evilági vigasságokat s a hegyek magányos világába menekül. A boldog egyedüllétet azonban nem élvezheti sokáig, már az elsö reggelen váratlan esemény zavarja meg nyugalmát.
4833 ::: "Kavanot Tovot" (2008) ::: A film producer, recovering from cancer (Noa) drags her ex-husband (Yoni) into an adventurous experience. They try to bring together, to a reality cooking show, two Woman Chefs - an Israeli one (Tami) and a Palestinian one (Amal).Both women have problems at home with their will to join the show.
4834 ::: Staden i mitt hjärta (1992) ::: Stockholm in the 1970's. A nostalgic and critical reflection on the demolition of the old Klara district, the heart of Stockholm, as a result of the implementation of the Norrmalm-regulation - part of the renewal of the city architecture of the central parts of the capital.
4835 ::: Kentervilski duh (1962) ::: The poor ghost of Sir Simon Canterville has been roaming his castle searching in vain for a brave descendant who will release him from the Canterville curse by performing a brave deed. An American family moves in and finds the ghost amusing, but a young girl in the family can release him - if she dares.
4836 ::: "You Are My Sisters" (2016) ::: Three sisters have an unconventional childhood because of a disapproving father. An You Zhi (Sung Song) and his wife Xue Bao Lian (He Yin) have twin daughters, An Jing (Bai Bing) and An Ning (Lou Yi Xiao). But You Zhi is disappointed because he values males over females and wants to have sons. So he dumps his wife and marries her best friend, Bai Li Li (Bo Yu Jia), to try to have a son.
4837 ::: The Devil's Horn (2016) ::: From Adolphe Sax's workshop of the 1840's to the legendary era of jazz and bebop, it was forbidden by Nazis and Communists and banned by the Pope - gradually conquering all music genres. Throughout its 170-year history the saxophone has been both the most seductive and most feared instrument. Award-winning Canadian filmmaker Larry Weinstein illuminates and mythologizes the story of the saxophone, featuring its most legendary players as well as astonishing discoveries. The Devil's Horn explores the sax's longstanding curse that stemmed from the difficult life of its mad inventor, and is still said to affect saxophonists who fall prey to the instrument's dark powers.
4838 ::: A Man Alone (2016) ::: A man has spent the last three years in self-imposed solitude. After finding a body in the woods, he is forced to face his fears and re-enter civilization. But something has changed. He finds a deserted campsite, followed by miles and miles of empty road. Where has everyone gone? What has happened here? Does it matter?
4839 ::: Running Cool (1993) ::: Bone and Bear, two rough and tough bikers ride out from Sturgis, SD. to the marshes of South Carolina to help out their "bro" Ironbutt Garrett, who's land is being eyed by the money-grubbing, domineering Calvin Hogg. With the townspeople aghast at the "scooter-trash" invading Buford, the Sherrif, under the direction of Hogg, try to get the bikers out of town while they try to organize a "Wetland Run" aimed at making enough money to pay off the back taxes that threaten Ironbutt's claim to the land. Bear gets kidnapped by Calvin's over- zealous son Blue, and again it's up to Bone to save his buddy. A biker named Charles Benjamin "Bone" Keene and his friend Bear are rousted from their South Dakota haunts to help their friend Bill "Ironbutt" Garrott and his wife Melanie, who are living in the marshlands of Beaver, South Carolina. Ironbutt has been blown off of his motorcycle by a gunman named Bubba, as part of an increasingly violent plot devised by Blue Hogg to win the respect of his father, local businessman and town power-broker Calvin Hogg. Calvin wants Ironbutt's marshy homestead so he can drain it and plant soybeans, and he plans to foreclose on Ironbutt's unpaid $8,000 back-tax bill. Upsetting the locals -- especially Sheriff Tom, who usually does Calvin's bidding -- with their loud motorcycles and wild clothes, Bone and Bear plan a run to raise the money for Ironbutt. Bone also has a run-in with one of Blue's henchmen, a guy named Red -- the abusive local café owner -- who mistreats his waitress/daughter Michelle. When Michelle was a kid, Red crippled Michelle when Michelle tried to save her mother from one of Red's drunken rages. And Bone is not without tragedy in his own past. Years ago, Bone killed the drunk driver who killed Bone's wife and child. Now, Blue's numerous attacks on the bikers fail, and the town is slowly won over by Bone, including the love-struck Michelle, and even the initially terrified Hattie and Ada. Led by fellow biker Sprocket, the gala run brings in hundreds of area bikers for a peaceful celebration. In desperation, Blue kidnaps Bear. Bone beats up Bubba and forces Red to leave town. The bikers and Sheriff Tom, who has finally sided with Bone against Blue's violence, set out to rescue Bear. And as it turns out, Calvin is appalled by Blue's violence.
4840 ::: Cream Rinse (1976) ::: The Very Erotic Sequel to "Shampoo" ,is about two brothers who are partners in a hairdressing salon who always compete for their female clients. One day as their egos are swelling ,they make a bet to see which one of them could get the most women in one night. They each put up their part of the business as a prize. To help them get more girls, they have a party that evening. Rene and the other girls show up and the smoldering hot action gets started. In the end it doesn't matter who ends up winning the bet because in this movie, there are NO losers. Both Brothers and everyone else wind up winning. Really BIG! John Holmes BIG!!
4841 ::: The Crescent Rising (2015) ::: Three portraits of different lives caught in between a crossfire of unwavering faith and ambiguous history. Book 1: A Man who claims Jabidah Massacre is a lie, Book 2: Moro rebel fighters who believe Jihad should be a way of life and Book 3: Women caught in the wrath of war. Interwoven stories to create a tapestry of Mindanao's forgotten people.
4842 ::: Rose of Death (2007) ::: On prom night ten years ago, a group of drunken friends go too far when trying to scare a couple of their fellow classmates. After accidentally killing one of them, they decide they have to kill the other one in order to cover up the crime and protect themselves and their futures. Now, ten years later, as they start coming together for their high school reunion, each member of the group is being picked off one by one by a ghostly killer as some sort of revenge from beyond the grave.
4843 ::: Slow Burn (2002) ::: Is Keri Windsor imagining things... or is her boyfriend suddenly more interested and infatuated with her best friend Renee? Kinky and devious Keri decides to get to the bottom of her jealousy and rage. She takes things into her on hands and enlists the help of naughty newcommer Zana and porn playmates Mia Smiles and Calli Cox! This burn is SCORCHING HOT!
4844 ::: Night Howl (2017) ::: Kaci Evans, a socially awkward photojournalist who can't seem to come to grips with the death of his mother. As a child, Kaci was psychologically traumatized after seeing his mother monstrously mauled by a large canine. Now that Kaci is an adult, he suffers constant night terrors and flashbacks to the time his mother was murdered. After numerous visits with his psychiatrist, Dr. Ezay, Kaci starts to question whether his nightmares are repressed memories, or are they something far more sinister?
4845 ::: "States of Undress" (2016) ::: Hailey Gates explores global fashion and issues the industry often ignores, showing us what the world wears, and why. 6 episodes - episode 1 - Pakistan, episode 2 - Congo, episode 3 - Venezuela, episode 4 - Russia, episode 5 - Palestine, episode 6 - China
4846 ::: Crashing the States (????) ::: In the face of seemingly insurmountable Republican dominance, ordinary citizens congregate online forming communities of progressive activists, journalists, and leadership. Two bloggers set out in the middle of one of the most contentious campaigns in American history to see this movement firsthand. In hard fought campaigns across the nation, the blogosphere turns online energy into on-the-ground campaigning, millions of dollars of contributions, and organized movements to empower the candidates it supports against both the Republican machine, and the Democratic establishment. In many primaries, the bloggers make a serious difference in elevating their candidates to victory, including Senate races in VA, MT and especially CT. With better and more capable candidates as the Democratic Party's nominees, and with an ever expanding reach and numbers, the bloggers are able to organize, campaign, and expose the truth more effectively and committedly than the mainstream media and many of the candidates they support are able to defeat deeply entrenched and once unbeatable opponents. Both the House and the Senate return to Democratic hands in a dramatic and convincing victory.
4847 ::: Panchatanthiram (2002) ::: Ram (Kamal Haasan) is a playboy pilot. His marriage to Mythili (Simran) disintegrates after a series of misunderstandings. To cheer him up, his buddies arrange for a steamy evening with a prostitute Maggie (Ramya), but things go wrong and the men are stuck with a dead body and a load of diamonds. The corpse disappears, and Ram's efforts to cover up the event are thwarted by a pesky father-in-law of one of the friends (Nagesh) who thinks Maggie was Ram's wife.
4848 ::: Basquiat, Une Vie (2010) ::: From Brooklyn to the Bronx, Soho to Greenwich, Union Square to Wall Street... Join us and the friends, collaborators and gallery owners who supported Jean-Michel Basquiat throughout his life. The first ever recognized graffiti artist, who saw international success as a neo-expressionist painter in the 80s, Basquiat is a true contemporary hero who died at the peak of his career.
4849 ::: Def Leppard: And There Will Be a Next Time - Live in Detroit (2017) ::: As the sun began to set over a frenzied Detroit crowd, Def Leppard hits the stage in this mind-blowing audio and visual extravaganza that will change your concept of what a rock concert should be! Featuring their biggest hits, this 88 minute, 17 song concert features stunning performances of Pour Some Sugar On Me, Hysteria, Rocket, Photograph, Let's Get Rocked, Rock of Ages, Animal, Foolin', Let's Go, and many more! With stunning video walls, great musicianship, and their greatest hits make for an unforgettable concert experience!
4850 ::: Forever (2011/III) ::: Joey, a talented video consultant, shares the art of marrying a man through her romantic 'faux' wedding videos, which are screened to young singles all over Singapore. However, the idea of fantasy and reality is blurred when she falls madly in love with a handsome music teacher from Taiwan who appeared with her in a landmark wedding video.
4851 ::: Billy Madison (1995) ::: Billy Madison is a 27 year-old man whose father Brian is the head of a major hotel chain. Even though he is groomed to replace his father who is about to retire, Billy is extremely immature and unmotivated in life. When Brian considers making Eric Gordon (whom Billy despises) his new replacement, Billy decides to prove to his father that he is capable of taking over. He must repeat grade school all over again (2 weeks for each grade) in order to take over the hotel empire. The further Billy progresses, the more Eric tries to derail Billy. Billy Madison is the 27 year-old son of Bryan Madison, a very rich man who has made his living in the hotel industry. Billy stands to inherit his father's empire but only if he can make it through all 12 grades, 2 weeks per grade, to prove that he has what it takes to run the family business. Billy Madison is a 27 year old non-working immature idiot. His father Brian Madison who runs Madison Hotels is retiring and is thinking of handing his company to Billy, but also thinking of giving it to Eric Gordon, a weasel-like co-worker of Madison Hotels. Billy strikes a deal with his father to go through grades 1-12 to earn the company. He still goofs off in school and tries to score with his teachers, including his sexy third grade teacher, Veronica Vaughn. Billy Madison is a non-working, non-educated slacker who lives entirely off his dad. He spends his day drinking beer, reading girly magazines, and hanging out by the pool. When his father realizes that Billy is unfit to run the family business, Billy decides that he must go back to school and earn a real education. He figures it will be no problem going back to high school and learning over again, until he learns that his father bought Billy's passing grades all the way back in elementary school. Thus, Billy must return to elementary school and pass each grade one at a time in a short time, or else he loses his place as heir to the company. In addition, Billy tries to win the hand of Veronica, a sexy school teacher who thinks her students are more mature than Billy.
4852 ::: Take a Giant Step (1959) ::: A black high school senior struggles with becoming a man, and living in a middle class white neighborhood in the late 1950s U.S. In protest of the paternalistic views of the Civil War emphasized in his history class, he storms out and gets caught smoking a cigar in the boys' room. Spence's crush on a white classmate goes nowhere because of her father's attitude toward blacks. His outspoken grandmother seems the only one who understands his angry growing pains, at the early stages of the U.S.'s Civil Rights Era. Spencer Scott has two problems; he suffers the normal anguish of a teen-ager in the process of growing up with "misunderstanding parents", and he is also a black boy in a predominately-white New England town. He is accepted by his white-boy classmates because of his athletic ability but their parents object to his color. And he is confused about the ambivalence of his parents who teach him to have self-respect for his race but, at the same time, telling him to compromise with his white friends. He is expelled from school for violently protesting his history teacher's remarks about the shortcomings of the black people during the Civil War. He wanders into the black-section of the town and encounters four prostitutes at a bar.
4853 ::: I Am under Construction (2015) ::: I AM UNDER CONSTRUCTION is about the strangeness and absurdity of the beauty rituals of women. The repeating daily construction of your own image; the beauty of making yourself beautiful and transforming yourself but also the uselessness and temporality of the daily routine.
4854 ::: The Prodigal Son (1991) ::: The life of prolific Russian composer Sergei Prokofiev is portrayed through biographical, on-location flashbacks from his birth place intermingled with live concert performances from the historical Kirov (Mariinsky) Symphony Orchestra, St.Petersburg, conducted by internationally acclaimed maestro Valeriy Gergiev. These unique musical sequences give the dramatized episodes from Profifiev's life a time-transcending significance and actuality in todays ever-changing Russia.
4855 ::: Broadcast Bombshells (1995) ::: At WSEX, a local television broadcasting station in New Jersey, Kendall Saranski is the beautiful blond anchorwoman and the object of desire for all men working at the station including the libidos sportscaster Brian Kilgore and the station owner Mr. Buel. But Kendall is only interested in a kind-hearted stage hand named Neil whom is an old friend from her school days. Meanwhile, the conniving and ambitious brunette associate producer Amanda Cross, jealous of Kendall's rising fame, plots to further her career by having her tech boyfriend Gordon plot to bring Kendall and Brian's downfall using her seductive charms to go after Brian and have Gordon videotape it for future leverage against Brian. Other subplots include a mad bomber in the neighborhood blowing up various public places, a legendary grue sponsor named Frank Friendly holding onto his secret "three little words" as his motto, and a climatic fund-raiser telethon which brings all parties together for a final confrontation.
4856 ::: "No te duermas" (1995) ::: Local celebrity show where musical acts, major celebrities, sketch comedies, and lovely voluptuous models are featured every week. Airs in Puerto Rico and transmitted via the Univision Network in the USA, Venezuela, and throughout the Caribbean.
4857 ::: Daikanbu - burai (1968) ::: Goro (Tetsuya Watari) wants to put his dark past behind. He heads to Hirosaki City to offer his condolences to Yumeko and to reunite with Yukiko (Chieko Matsubara), but finds that Yumeko is fatally ill. Although Yukiko was taking care of her, she is pressed for money. Goro wants to help and knows that there is only one way to come up with fast money.
4858 ::: Nobodies There (2014) ::: Solitude takes on an entirely different meaning when it doesn't arrive with the usual promise of peace. A weekend alone with her boyfriend becomes one of blind terror and paranoia for Jessica Brennan when they become the prey in a vicious game of cat and mouse. Jess and Nate struggle to figure out the identity of their assailant while trying to survive, but fear turns everyone around them into a suspect. As the bodies pile up and the possibilities dwindle away escape becomes the only option -but on the street of empty houses, "Nobodies There" to hear their screams.
4859 ::: Damaged Care (2002) ::: Anesthesist Doug Peeno hopes to pay for the legal costs of preventing his son Bryan being left in his first wife's bad custody with he proceeds of his present wife Linda's new job. She's the first graduate in her family and eagerly accepted a posting as medical officer in a coldly-greedy medical insurance company. Bening confronted with the medically unacceptable consequences of technically denied treatments, she rebels and finds even payments she approved were often withheld anyway.
4860 ::: The Road to ACL (2016) ::: Every band has a story. Every fan has a story. "The Road to ACL" captures fans and bands as they converge at the Austin City Limits Festival. Production, mainly showcasing the best live performances and fan experiences, will also engage the personal stories of bands and their fans and the excitement of being a part of ACL 2015. After opening the special showcasing a small group of fans on a road trip to Austin, the hour long special will mainly showcase the most exciting performers of the festival, both on-stage and behind the scenes.
4861 ::: Money Matters (2011/I) ::: A moving and intimate film that follows Monique "Money" Matters (Terri Abney) caught at the brink of adolescence. Her relationship with her mother Pamela Matters (Aunjanue Ellis- RAY, MEN OF HONER), is far from stable and depicts the struggle between a young mother and daughter who both come of age...together. Sharp and candid dialogue blur the roles of parent and child, revealing a family secret magnified by pain and years of regret. Money's daily routine; a three-bus commute to the Catholic school she attends, far from her dilapidated neighborhood, to another world where she feels just as uncomfortable. When she befriends a neighborhood girl who seems to understand her, their friendship develops in ways that push boundaries.
4862 ::: Supergirl & the Bloody Traces of Stargirl (2014) ::: The plot of the story is that Stargirl is bitten by a bat and becomes a vampire and goes on a killing spree in a 10 year span dating back to 2004. The story then shifts and takes us to the present time which is 2014 and word on the street is that Stargirl is on the prowl again in the town of Lakeland and also witnesses have said that she has been hiding out at the now closed off Mark Luthor's Pool house for the last 6 months and when a law enforcement agent or other superheroines go to the area to search the grounds, she bites them and drowns them in the pool. So far in that 6 month span, 2 law enforcement agents and 11 superheroines have been Stargirl's fatal victims. It has baffled law enforcement for some time. Supergirl aka Jacklene Kent , mild mannered reporter is new to this story cause she had been out of the country for the last 6 months covering the Olympics and the G2 summit for her newspaper. She gets wind of it on first day back and determined to put a stop to the killings and try to convert Stargirl back to her normal self. Now my plan for this video is that she teams up with a special military agent name Melissa Bennett. Now, the idea is for Supergirl and Agent Bennett to put a stop to it and try cure and restore Stargirl back to her normal self. But, little do they know that Stargirl's has something up her sleeve for both of them. What will happen to all 3? You'll have to watch and see for yourself.
4863 ::: Binding Paths (2015) ::: Binding Paths invites audiences into the lives of two xenocentric characters. John believes his love for Rose is coming to an end because she surrounds their life with material possessions that remind him of the very culture he is running away from. Rose is content being who she is but does not want their love to end. John seeks to find solace in the wilderness paths of his new home. He soon begins to questions whether the true essence of Rose's being he is running from is the underlying essence in life that he yearns for. Shot in beautiful Vancouver Island, Binding Paths sheds light on the obstacles of multicultural love in a world where culture is becoming obscure.
4864 ::: New Horizons: Brazil (2011) ::: A documentary by Maine filmmaker Chas Bruns that sheds light on the lives of children living on the streets of Brazil. The film follows Maine artist John Whalley and his wife and actress Ellen Whalley as they travel to central Brazil to live and work with boys who were saved from a life on the streets by the Florida based NGO, Renaissance International. Coined "The New Horizons Youth Ranch" by founder Steve Solomon, the 150 acre tract of land has become home to over 200 children since 1991. The ranch includes home-dormitories, a dining hall, administrative offices, a chapel, classroom buildings, as well as athletic fields where the boys play soccer, volleyball, baseball and basketball. In addition, there is a pond for swimming, a nature trail complete with vines for swinging and several streams and waterfalls. The film begs the question, "Where would these children be without New Horizons Youth Ranch?"
4865 ::: War at Home (2016) ::: Christopher comes home from overseas where he has been for the last year, dealing with life threatening situations and the intense hardships of war, and being a gay. When Christopher comes home he faces challenges of PTSD and being gay. Watch a solider fight for his friends,family and even himself while trying to keep everyone safe from his own actions.
4866 ::: Tri Cycling Africa (2009) ::: Jeff McLean was so annoyed with the current western perception of Muslims that he and his one cameraman rode a tandem recumbent tricycle through five countries in West Africa. For two months and 1000 kilometres they pedaled hot dusty roads and often found warm welcomes, great character and selfless generosity. With no real plan, tents or sleeping bags, Jeff finds an honest side of Africa that is rarely seen. But there are frustrations; breakdowns, language barriers, exhaustion, and theft leaving them stranded and desperate. Africa is often seen as either a place of poverty and corruption or of exotic wildlife - Tri Cycling Africa reveals the opposite in both cases. While touching on the poverty and desperation of the locals, it also shows a hardy, happy, diverse population in a hard but spectacular land and a noble and generous race of people.
4867 ::: "Top Secret" (1961) ::: Dallas and Mike begin their search for a top British agent who has disappeared while visiting a remote South American village - a place they find deserted. What sinister plot is afoot? The men barely escape with their lives trying to find out.
4868 ::: Cosplay Dreams 3D (2014) ::: Cosplay Dreams 3D brings the fantasy of "Costume Play" to life using groundbreaking 3D visual FX, while also telling the heartfelt and inspirational stories behind Cosplayers both young and young-at-heart. People from all walks of life transform into iconic figures from history, comic books, video games, TV, and film! From the battlegrounds of historical reenactments, to the world-famous International Comic-Con in San Diego California, this documentary showcases the fun lifestyle and incredible artistry behind the global phenomenon of Cosplay! Featuring Cosplay superstar YaYa Han, YouTube sensation Traci Hines and hundreds of passionate artists!
4869 ::: Yeojaneun bicheoleom namjaleul jeokshinda (1984) ::: A woman, 8 months pregnant, attempts suicide but is stopped by the police. She is sent to a home for unwed mothers, run by nuns. She is less than grateful to the nuns for their care and makes trouble whenever possible. She also plans to destroy the life of the man who put her in this situation
4870 ::: Pura vida Ibiza (2004) ::: Three high school graduates thinking to party all summer take jobs as hosts in a vacation club on Ibiza, the Mediterranean hot spot for oversexed boys and underdressed girls. Instead of sun, sea and sex, however, it's work, work and more work, as the three are kept busy around the clock by their sadistic boss Anna.
4871 ::: The Mystery of Chaco Canyon (1999) ::: This documentary examines the ancient ruins of Chaco Canyon, built between 850 and 1150 A.D. in northwest New Mexico. This film describes and demonstrates the intricate and precise astronomical alignments among the many buildings spread over a wide desert area. These alignments, along with other evidence, support the theory that Chaco Canyon was a major ceremonial center.
4872 ::: Gulf War 1856 (????) ::: The Anglo-Persian 1856-57 The Anglo-Persian War lasted between November 1, 1856, and April 4, 1857, and was fought between Great Britain and Persia. In the war, the British opposed an attempt by Persia to press its claim on the city of Herat.
4873 ::: Exodus (2006) ::: EXODUS is a diary of visual and musical poetry, a stream of consciousness inhabited by metaphors and symbols that come to life and execute their dance around the mind of a human being in depression. A being who desperately attempts to save himself using his camera as a means for therapy. EXODUS is an imprint of a life full of doubt, compulsive self-reflection, feelings of religious damnation, the longing for love which remains unfulfilled, and misplaced tenderness that finds its way out in the form of an introverted cruelty - only to awaken in a liberating catharsis which unexpectedly breaks the story open, revealing the circumstances under which the film was made, and why his maker remains alive.
4874 ::: Fallers (2007) ::: A university architecture student finds a way to extort money from big businesses - he injures himself in their design-flawed buildings and then sues the owners for damages. When a fellow student has the same idea, the competition mounts. Injuries become more and more severe and the city's flawed buildings become increasingly rare. Who can fall the most and how intact will they be at the end?
4875 ::: "Love cuisine" (2015) ::: Life is best lived through the cuisine of the world. Oscar Han ('Lego Lee' (qv)) is a heralded celebrity chef who runs a restaurant in Europe but returns to Taiwan to become a culinary teacher at Si Ping High School to fulfill his promise to his old mentor.
4876 ::: Some Kinda Fuckery (2009) ::: The more Rico, a soul loving immigrant from the banlieue, pushes his unlikely aristocrat lover Laure away, the more Laure begs him to stay. In an attempt to keep him by her side, Laure urges Rico to join her and her family on a weekend trip to Normandy. He declines. At a loss but still determined to somehow hold him under her sway and in her debt, she proposes that Rico stay at her townhouse while they're away. Rico nonchalantly accepts. "Pack your bags. We're going on a vacation," Rico tells his longtime, working class girlfriend Jo. That evening the two are sipping expensive wine and living it up in Laure's big, empty house across the tracks. While playing dress up in Laure's gowns, Jo seduces Rico into a promise to follow through with her plan. If he truly loves her, he'd marry the other woman, get her money, divorce her soon after, then all of this would be theirs. Cornered and coerced, all Rico can do is agree. They fall asleep in the master bedroom, dreams of wealth in Jo's head, strange and fearful premonitions in Rico's. Neither can imagine what lies around the corner of an hour. What transpires can only be described as "some kinda fuckery"
4877 ::: Millions: A Lottery Story (2006) ::: Millions (a lottery story) follows the lives of six different big money winners to show how dramatically life-changing the experience can be for the average person. From the farms of the Midwest and the heart of the Bible belt to the hurricane-riddled retirement communities of South Florida, Millions documents the stories of personality and material wealth. The film examines fame, growing old, the plight of the small farmer, and the role of evangelical Christianity in contemporary society. Millions paints a picture of how extraordinary circumstances can deeply affect one's identity, and tells a story of luck, loss and redemption.
4878 ::: Serafin, svjetionicarev sin (2002) ::: Growing up on an isolated island off the coast of Croatia during the reign of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, young Serafin Skoko's formative years were as repressive as they were lonely. His father Joseph - the island's lighthouse keeper - ruled his household with an iron hand while making little effort to conceal his affair with his son's nanny Magda. His mother Marija was his only solace from the island's isolation and his father's tirades until her tragic and unexplained death. Years pass and Serafin has become an enlisted officer in the Empire's army, as well as the lover of a particularly noxious young woman named Tonka. As this relationship threatens to bankrupt him due to Tonka's lavish spending habits, Serafin checks into a mental institution faking mental illness so that his honor and army position may remain intact. However, Serafin's deception becomes truth as he experiences a long overdue breakdown - which leads to his unexpected salvation at the hands of intriguing hospital laundry attendant Sofia.
4879 ::: "Beyond Belief with George Noory" (2010) ::: Hidden details within the many photos NASA releases to the public may be all the proof we need of extraterrestrial civilizations in our solar system. Billy Carson heads a team of anomaly hunters who tirelessly pore over every feature in these photos in the pursuit to uncover out of place artifacts strewn about the solar system. What they have found on Venus, Mars and from the ISS not only suggests the active presence of extraterrestrials, but the expansion of a human-based secret space program and breakaway civilizations. As we continue to push the limits of disclosure, a number of credible sources are now willing to come forward to confirm what has been discovered in the data released by NASA.
4880 ::: The Dog Lover (2016) ::: Sara Gold is a rising star at the United Animal Protection Agency (UAPA), a major animal rights organization that conducts animal rescues and lobbies for better animal welfare laws. Handpicked for a major assignment, Sara goes undercover as a college intern to infiltrate a suspected "puppy mill" run by the enigmatic Daniel Holloway.
4881 ::: Das Hinterzimmer (1995) ::: The Back Room by Regina Höllbacher is a black and white film with a vocabulary of quiet pictures of rooms, fragmentary views of the world and failed attempts to exchange glances with someone sitting opposite. A very personal film, a farewell full of longing. (Klaus Telscher)
4882 ::: Melakan Portuguese: Preserving Their Heritage (2008) ::: 500 years ago, the Portuguese Viceroy of India, Alfonso D' Albuquerque, led an armada of 19 war ships with 800 Portuguese soldiers, destined for the ancient port city of Melaka. However this premeditated attack on Melaka to avenge the ill-treatment of a former mission was merely a front, with the ultimate mission being to capture Melaka, and gain control of the Eastern Spice Trade. After the successful conquest, Albuquerque immediately ordered the building of a fortress to defend the city and its lucrative spice trade from his arch enemies - the Dutch. Today's Melakan Portuguese are descendants of 600 Portuguese soldiers who survived and were encouraged to assimilate with the locals, yet maintaining their unique identity. The fall of the respectably famed Melakan Empire into the hands of the foreign colonist is a historical enigma that is said to have had a strong influence in shaping today's Malay civilisation. Enduring the numerous invasions from the Dutch, British and Japanese this community is an interesting phenomenon that still maintains its strong roots and yet has no desire to return to their native land. Enigmatic Malaysia allows you to experience the rich cultural heritage of the Malaysian Melakan Portuguese community... their propensity to survive and propagate their language, tradition, religion and arts.
4883 ::: Bayt al toot (2013) ::: Sara returns to Yemen after several years. Arriving at the heart of an emerging revolution, she redefines her place in Yemeni society, as well as her relationship with her father and grandfather. In a unique examination of the uprisings in Yemen, THE MULBERRY HOUSE shifts the focus from events on the street to the impact of the revolution on the lives of one family.
4884 ::: Show! (2013) ::: A surprisingly intimate portrait of how the dream of running one's own business can take on monstrous contours. Managed by the father of one of the singers, over the course of five years the girl band 5Angels had reached the gates of pop fame. But it is a path paved not only with the songs of Michal David, but also with the dogged determination of a man who loses any notion of where his role as manager ends and his role as parent begins.
4885 ::: The Mountain of the Lord (1993) ::: A newspaper reporter from New York City visits with Wilford Woodruff, fourth president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints after the death of John Taylor, to recount the history of the construction of the Salt Lake Temple in the late 1800's.
4886 ::: Choihui jeongmumun (1977) ::: The Japanese invaded China, and started putting to shame the glorious past of the House of the Dragon kung-fu school. Now, they even killed one of the pupils in an uneven contest. Hsiao, also a school fighter, decides to risk his own life in taking revenge on the foreigners.
4887 ::: Falling Fire (1997) ::: In the not so distant future mankind has squandered their resources. A team of specialists is sent to the nearby asteroid field to retrieve an asteroid that will serve to replenish some of our natural resources. However, unbeknownst to the team, there is a killer on board determined to take control of the asteroid and destroy all mankind.
4888 ::: Spectropia (2006) ::: While searching the past for her missing father with a time machine of her own invention, the young protagonist Spectropia is accidentally transported to New York in 1931. There she finds herself in the body of a female sleuth called Verna de Mott. Spectropia is a time travel drama exploring the anxieties generated by capitalist consumer culture and emerging technologies through a ghost story and the metaphor of supernatural possession.
4889 ::: Plumb (2011) ::: After a sexual encounter with a mute and unknown young woman, Peter is catapulted into mayhem as he struggles through nightmarish fantasies after convincing himself that she is a minor and fears he will be thrown in jail for statutory rape. This bizarre situation acts as a catalyst in Peter's inevitable and ever-expanding mental journey into the depths of panic and anxiety as he struggles to decipher the identity of this strange woman.
4890 ::: Addiction: What's Yours? (2011) ::: Kevin, Kristina, Victoria, and Ashley are friends that live totally different drama filled lives, but they all eventually realize that the lives they live are not the best for them only by evidence of surprise. They get caught up and addicted to life's situations, and eventually they're hit with tragedy, pain, and unexpectancy. Will they overcome? Maybe only by a fuel source of a higher power.
4891 ::: "Southern Fried Road Trip" (2015) ::: Bobby and Jamie get a taste of Louisville, during a day that includes the track, bluegrass and sweet treats made with bourbon (i.e., bourbon fudge and bourbon-seasoned fruitcake). Also: they eat a Kentucky hot brown, beef ribs and a "booben" sandwich.
4892 ::: She Got Game (2015/II) ::: She Got Game is the autobiographical story of a young woman in search of reconnecting with the world of video games-a world she had loved, but had grown up believing was made by men, for men. Frustrated with the media buzz characterizing women in gaming as "victims," she seeks to understand what motivates these women to keep going. How are they instilling confidence in each other and carving out space for each other in the industry? From Toronto to Montreal, NYC and Tokyo, she travels to learn from women who are changing the social climate and reinventing the way we think about games. Ultimately, it is about the quest for agency, human connection...and perhaps a new modality for heroism.
4893 ::: Untitled Lenin Moreno Project (????) ::: I am writing and producing a biopic about Ecuador's former vice president, 2012 Nobel Peace Prize nominee, and current U.N. Ambassador on Disability and Accessibility, Lenin Moreno. Lenín made groundbreaking contributions on behalf of the disabled in Latin America after he himself was rendered paraplegic in 1998. This movie will also explore Lenín's friendship with Dr. Stephen Hawking, another extraordinary man who has so brilliantly transcended his physical limitations. I have acquired Lenin's life rights for 24 month and in parallel, I am making a documentary about quantum physics and my own quantum journey. Lenin chose not to run again for office in 2013 (though he had a 98% approval rating) to study the relationship between "quantum physics and human values." I have already interviewed several renowned physicists (aside from Stephen Hawking) for this project as well.
4894 ::: San Francisco Symphony Inaugural Gala (1980) ::: A celebration of the opening of the new Louise M. Davies Symphony Hall in San Francisco, featuring 4 pieces including the world premiere of David Del Tredici's "Happy Voices."
4895 ::: La vispa Teresa (1943) ::: Alberto, son of a rich engineer, falls in love with Luisa, a ruthless manicurist who is only after his money. His parents offer him a holiday in Venice because they hope he will forget her. Alberto however leaves for Venice with Luisa, who has asked a friend of hers to take her place at the beauty parlour. Alberto's parents go there and mistake Teresa for Luisa. A series of misunderstandings ensues...
4896 ::: "Never Give Up Dodo" (2013) ::: "Never Give Up, Dodo," also known as "Duo Duo's Love Story," is a 2013 Chinese Web series produced by Sohu, an online video site in China. The series is a raunchy romantic comedy about a couple, Dodo and Xu Fei, who decide to get married but face many obstacles to happiness. The series stars Godfrey Gao, Yin Hang, Dan Zhu, Mike Sui, Cica Zhou and Sunny Wang.
4897 ::: "La visión de los vencidos Capítulo IV, El acoso, la derrota y lo que siguió" (2003) ::: My little children, where can I take you? the Llorona (crying woman) was screeching...meanwhile, the Mexicas, seized by the Spanish and the Tlaxcaltecas, Cempoaltecas and other indigenous allies, suffered their defeat - After half a millennium, 500 year later, how much have things changed?
4898 ::: Tekka daimyo (1961) ::: A Tokugawa Daimyo rebels against an his lord after the battle of Sekigahara. Samurai Matabei, a famous spear fighter and warrior, is a vassal of lord Honjo. One of Honjo's most trusted under-lords is Sanzaemon. He has designs on Matabei's fief, and he plots to kill Matabei. He finally convinces Lord Honjo of Matabei's guilt. Now Matabei must fight to survive.
4899 ::: Dreams Without Sleep (2002) ::: Five very different New York perspectives of the September 11, 2001 World Trade Center bombings in the months directly following the attack. A Christian Lebanese family from Queens who, in October 2001, still believed there was a chance of their day trader son being found trapped in the rubble. An African American, Yale graduate and descendant of slaves who gets his big career break reporting live from the scene of the attack for FOX news. An Irish American firefighter and musician who sang at hundreds of firefighter funerals for the three months following the attack. An ex-police officer and Desert Storm veteran helps strangers escape the scene and battles depression in the aftermath. A young medical doctor who escaped the communist Czech Republic as a lone teenager with less than $100 and worked her way through college and medical school ran to the scene to help survivors and ends up spending days assisting in the make-shift morgue.
4900 ::: Materinskiy instinkt (2009) ::: An almost perfect marriage gets broken when a young and sexy girl appears on the horizon. Igor leaves his wife Masha and takes their only child with him. He puts his ex wife in mental hospital. However, Masha is determined to gain her daughter and husband back. She couples with a sexual maniac - Dima and plans a revenge. Igor saves her from the hands of the maniac and asks for the forgiveness.
4901 ::: Sventa Karve (2014) ::: MARTYNAS and VYTARAS are two friends who seem to have it all - loving families, successful careers and considerable renown. Their TV show tops the ratings, their books sell like hot cakes, and their lives seem like a dream come true. But in reality they are just two stressed-out men, each trying to cope with his own version of a mid-life crisis. When Vytaras decides to leave everything behind and relocate to India for good, Martynas sets off on a mission to bring his pal home, at any cost. Suddenly the two friends find themselves stuck in the middle of nowhere, thousands of miles from civilization. Crammed in a car as old as the hills with a hyperactive Indian guide named Vasu, Martynas and Vytaras are forced to overcome culture shock as well as the nightmarish Indian roads to find their way home, before their insecurities and self-pity destroy their friendship.
4902 ::: Steel Justice (1992) ::: David Nash has lost his son and his will to live. But the boy appears in his dreams as well as his Robosaurus toy ! A mythical figure will help Nash to turn the Robosaurus into a real creature in order to avenge his son's death.
4903 ::: The Barn: The Video Game (2016) ::: Sam, Josh, Michelle, Russell, Chris and Nikki are spending their Halloween night traveling back home from seeing the rock band Demon Inferno. Suddenly their van runs out of gas in the middle of nowhere. Looking for help, the group stumbles upon an old abandoned barn. Knocking on the door unleashes the unforeseen evil inside. Once the smoke clears, most of the teens have vanished without a trace...except for Sam! YOU must now help restore the group by searching for them throughout the town of Wheary Falls and defeating the creatures of the night. Hopefully you can make it back home...ALIVE!!! Battle waves of the undead, including movie star baddies: The Boogeyman, Hallowed Jack & Candycorn Scarecrow! It's a bodacious heart pounding 8 bit adventure. Plus this is the one time your parents can't ground you for raising a little HELL!!!
4904 ::: Arnold's Wrecking Co. (1973) ::: Arnold Berman is a klutz. Just ask his cousin Kenny, who has to put up with him over summer vacation from college. Arnold has to be seen to be believed: an uptight, unreal, super-straight Business major who's a whiz at accounting and a failure at everything else. Kenny and his pal Rollo turn Arnold on to a little grass to loosen him up, but they don't realize the demons they've set free: for the now-swinging Arnold becomes a pothead Horatio Alger and soon has them all in the midst of a multi-million-dollar grass-dealing firm complete with snazzy executive offices, a fleet of delivery trucks, group insurance, and a little league team. All of this does not escape the attention of either the local police or the local "organization," and the result is a free-enterprise free-for-all in which the customers are as high as the company stock.
4905 ::: Composer Alive: Eastern Expressions (2007) ::: Composer Alive: Eastern Expressions explores the creation of new music through the unique collaboration of Chicago music ensemble Accessible Contemporary Music and famed Beijing composer Xiaogang Ye. Rather than focusing on a concert performance, Composer Alive takes the viewer through the creative process and pulls back the curtains from the closely guarded world of rehearsals, first drafts and daily struggles. Xiaogang Ye writes the piece in four installments and ACM records each installment as it is written. The viewer can literally watch and listen to the development of the piece over time, along with live insight from the composer and musicians. From Xiaogang Ye's first inspirations for the composition to a musician having a baby born the day of a concert to fund-raising fiascos and unexpected illness, Composer Alive presents the human face of classical music and removes the intimidating culture which often surrounds it. Through conversations with such experts as Henry Fogel, President of the American Symphony Orchestra League, Composer Alive also explores how classical music scared off its audience, why it is hugely popular in China and how innovative and accessible projects will direct its future.
4906 ::: At Meydani Hippodrome (2011) ::: This 70 minutes documentary tells 10 different museums and historical places. All the richness and details explained. Horse Square, foundation of Istanbul and the historical process, the German Fountain, Obeliks, Serpentine Column, Colossus Column, Turkish and Islamic Arts Museum, Sultan Ahmet Mosque, the Arasta bazaar , Great Palace Mosaic Museum, mausoleum of Sultan Ahmet, Haseki Hurrem Bath, Million Stone, Basilica Cistern , Million Pillars. Narrative sections have subchapters such as the periods, the functions of places, important events and peoples,the Riots, restorations were placed. As Hagia Sophia, Topkapi Palace and the Blue Mosque have very great admiration and interest by visitors. So the other places have less attraction. We have give special effort at the same value, for a lot more recognition of these places, taking into account the preparation of this documentary. Specially, Turkish Islamic Art Museum explained enriched, with various subchapters such as collection of stone, wood, metal, glass, precious metal, porcelain, carpets, manuscripts and ethnographic sections. Ce documentaire raconte 70 minutes 10 différents musées et lieux historiques. Toute la richesse et les détails expliqué. Cheval Place, Fondation d'Istanbul et le processus historique, la fontaine de l'allemand, Obeliks, Colonne Serpentine, colonne Colossus, Musee d'arts turcs et islamiques, la Mosquée du Sultan Ahmet, le bazar Arasta, Musée de mosaďque du Grand Palais, le mausolée du Sultan Ahmet, Haseki Hürrem Bain , Million Stone, la Citerne Basilique, Million piliers. Sections narratives ont sous-chapitres tels que les périodes, les fonctions des lieux, des événements importants et les peuples, les émeutes, les restaurations ont été placés. Comme Hagia Sophia, le palais de Topkapi et la Mosquée Bleue ont trčs grande admiration et un intéręt par les visiteurs. Alors les autres lieux ont moins d'attraction. Nous avons donner un effort particulier ŕ la męme valeur, pour la reconnaissance beaucoup plus de ces lieux, en tenant compte de la préparation de ce documentaire. Spécialement, le turc Musée d'art islamique a expliqué enrichi, avec sous-chapitres différents tels que la collecte de pierre, bois, métal, verre, métaux précieux, porcelaines, des tapis, des manuscrits et des sections ethnographiques.
4907 ::: Taking the Hill (2006) ::: An intensely honest and hope-filled documentary for those who have experienced combat firsthand and for those who honor them. This documentary is the result of a passionate desire to help those who have experienced combat and to lead these warriors on their journey home.
4908 ::: Dreaming for You (2009) ::: Adam, a lonely young actor living in New York, finding his relationship with his girlfriend Kayla deteriorating, trys to kill himself. However a chance confrontation on the street leads to an unlikely friendship with a homeless tramp, David, who's positive and enlightened views on the world begin to have an effect on Adam. But all is not what it appears with David, and an increasingly aggressive Adam spirals deeper into a confused psychological haze, pushing his girlfriend even further away.
4909 ::: Rocket Rain (2013) ::: A video artist working on his latest project, is unexpectedly visited by his long lost friend, Jansen. Jansen is having a troubled relationship with his wife. He escapes the city and meet him who has gone through a similar problem. During their awkward reunion, they became aware of how far apart they have grown, and at the same time unfolding each others breakdowns. Rocket Rain touches on the human longing for inner peace within the shifting values of contemporary Indonesian family. In a country where traditions are considered sacred, the concept of nature and social values are being mediated by the demands of modernity. Rocket Rain is a story of people who are trying to cope with this complexity of endless contradictions.
4910 ::: 4 marmittoni alle grandi manovre (1974) ::: From acclaimed director Marino Girolami, this Crazy sexy satire of the Italian army and it's workings is a must for any true movie collector. Our four incompetent types thrown into the field whether they liked it or not....They preferred to run the other way, but can never get there act together! How will they win the war' How can they get out of this mess'
4911 ::: Sin Horizonte (2014) ::: BLACK HORIZON: In the near future new philosophies of life confront the world literally stops nobody knows why, the world is fragmented between day and night perpetual eternal, the scarcity of resources creates a revolution, selfish and lonely speculators attack the few survivors who want peace, walkers light beings are overwhelmed by "cannibalistic riders" humans against humans, when there is no where to go, we come to the most archaic cruelty. Parallel stories you do not k now who passes away, small crowds of people slowly discover expecting the attack, no one knows who is who. The system collapsed, will become obsolete technologies, alternative energy theories are truncated, and life as they knew it is meaningless, a bleak picture approaches the end of the world is far from what was believed, outside major disasters o r religious predictions, the world just stops, with no stops spinning because there are different worlds coexisting in oneself, neither side is perceived afterlife, the countdown begins and the plan to evacuate the planet, only some will be chosen in such a scenario, a child is a sign of hope.
4912 ::: Free (2015/IV) ::: Free follows the path to freedom of a group of people with intellectual disabilities that are locked away in Croatian institutions. The only things that Ivan, Enes, Tina, Kruno, Mirko, Tomo have in common is that they are outcasts of society and they dream of freedom: we see them institutionalized and we watch what it's like to be isolated, deprived of privacy and of one's rights to make decisions regarding their own life. One day they are informed that they will be released. After decades spent in institutions, a new beginning awaits them: Ivan has always wanted to be a police officer, Enes buys a video cam-era and starts to document his everyday life, Tina and Kruno want to get married, Mirko and Tomo dream of becoming football coaches at their favorite local club, Silvia starts singing in the church choir, Andjelko is trying to find a girl and a job - The camera observes them, capturing their perspective on the biggest change of their lives while they try to fulfill their long-postponed dreams. It is a good opportunity for all of us, those who never had anything to do with these institutions, to start reflecting on our own lives, our freedoms, and the things we take for granted in our societies.
4913 ::: Gang of Four: Live 1983 (1983) ::: Gang of Four are an English post-punk group, formed in 1977 in Leeds. The original members were singer Jon King, guitarist Andy Gill, bass guitarist Dave Allen and drummer Hugo Burnham. There have been many different line-ups including, among other notable musicians, Sara Lee, Mark Heaney and Gail Ann Dorsey. In 1981 Dave Allen was replaced by Busta "Cherry" Jone, who left to work with the Rolling Stones and was replaced by Sara Lee, who was Robert Fripp's bassist in the League of Gentlemen. Lee was as good a singer as bassist, and she helped give the band's third studio album, Songs of the Free, a more commercially accessible element. "Rockpalast" (Rock Palace) is a German music television show that broadcasts live on German television station Westdeutscher Rundfunk (WDR). Rockpalast started in 1974 and continues to this day.
4914 ::: Schat (2004) ::: Eva is beautiful, successful and single. On her 35th birthday, her friends give her as a special gift the only thing she doesn't have but always wanted. A man. But the question is, how best to use him? Fortunately, he comes complete with an owner's manual. Eva decides he should first clean up after the party, then make himself a bed on the sofa. The next morning, he surprises her with breakfast. When later Eva finds him taking a shower she is shocked by the sight of his nakedness. Eva becomes more appreciative when she sees how popular the gift is with her family. It begins to occur to her that at last she may have found the ideal man. Even so, soon his cheery kindnesses start getting on her nerves and she impulsively decides she simply must return him. Eva is surprised to regret sending him back. After searching the dark city in vain, she realizes how much she misses him. Never before has she been happier than finding him at home waiting for her. At last the kiss. In the morning, Eva wakes up in his arms. This gift is for real, but just as she is finally able to accept this man, something disconcerting happens...
4915 ::: The Empire Project (2012) ::: A hidden synagogue in the mountains of Indonesia. A Dutch-style village in the Sri Lankan rainforest. A white separatist enclave in the South African desert. These are just a few of the communities brought to light in Empire, an immersive documentary project that examines the still-unfolding legacy of Dutch colonialism. Shot in ten countries over four years, Empire employs a broad range of storytelling techniques-including nonfiction filmmaking, multi- channel video projection, and experience design-to unearth the contemporary aftershocks of the world's first brush with global capitalism. By turns epic and intimate in its approach, Empire explores the ways in which the conditions of past continue to define our lives in the present.
4916 ::: Moon Palace (????) ::: Tyler is a failed playwright who is hired to secretly compose inspiring fortune cookie fortunes based on the diners' conversations at the Moon Palace restaurant. Tyler proves brilliant at changing other people's lives, although he's utterly hopeless at his own.
4917 ::: The Master Passion (1917) ::: Goaded by ambition for wealth, and the pleasure of her mother. Julia Long breaks her engagement with Jack Carter and marries George Bender, president of the National Bank. Her first years of married life are filled with happiness. Julia possesses a voice of more than usual merit, and Bender engages Prof. Alberto Martino to instruct her. Martino becomes a frequent visitor, while Julia makes rapid strides with her singing. Bender, occupied with his work, seems to be unable to fulfill his duties to the home. Martino, taking advantage of Julia's loneliness, paints the great future that she might win through her wonderful voice. If she will but flee to Paris with him, he promises, the world will be at her feet. Threatened by the father of a girl whom he has wronged. Martino is forced to flee, and Julia leaves her home and little daughter, Cora, to seek fame with the musician. Time passes and Julia is in Europe, alone and penniless, deserted by Martino. She is picked up unconscious on the steps of the Opera House where she has been seeking an engagement, and is carried into the dressing room of Marie Jardin, a famous prima donna. Mme. Jardin listens to her story and makes Julia her protégée. Under her teaching Julia's voice develops rapidly and she commences to achieve success. Eighteen years later, in America, Ralph Carter, the son of Julia's first sweetheart, and Cora Bender, Julia's daughter, whom she has deserted, are in love. Bender refuses to consent to the marriage and in an effort to make Cora forget, he arranges a trip to Europe. Julia, known as Julia Marina, a world-renowned prima donna, lives in Paris. She has carried on an affair with the Duc de Lac, and has wearied of paying his gambling debts. At Monte Carlo the Duc meets Bender and his party. Due to the workings of Julia's mother, Cora is forced to accept the Duc de Lac as her fiancé. The Duc hastens to Julia to tell of his engagement to a rich American girl. While out walking, Julia sees Bender with her mother and a young girl and realizes the girl must be her own daughter. She awaits an opportunity to meet Cora alone and confirm her identity. Cora, impressed by the talented lady, accepts her invitation to call. Cora's visits to Julia's dressing room become more and more frequent. Bender finds Julia's card in Cora's room and goes to the theater. Julia, unable to restrain herself, tells Cora that she is her mother. Bender, coming into the room, finds them embracing each other. At first wrathful, he cannot withstand Cora's pleas, and he and Julia are reconciled. Julia discovers the rich American girl of whom the Duc spoke is her daughter. She orders him to break his engagement. In order to prevent the marriage, she threatens to reveal the relations that have existed between them. The Duc is defiant. Julia sacrifices herself and tells Bender the truth; Bender wreaks his wrath upon her, and, taking Cora, returns to America. Julia seeks solace in her art, but in a quarrel with the Duc she loses her voice. Months pass and Bender, repenting his hasty action, returns to take Julia back home again.
4918 ::: Ya ne vernus (2014) ::: A young woman who grew up in orphanage is longing to be loved, but does not have it in her to love others. Her teenage looks help her while falsely accused of committing a crime to hide in a orphanage without arousing any suspicion. There, she meets a 13 years old homeless person like herself, Kristina, and together they set out on a long journey to a small town in Kazakhstan, where Kristina's grandmother lives...
4919 ::: Phir Kab Milogi (1974) ::: Sapna (Mala Sinha) is having fun meeting his employee Rajesh (Biswajit) as Paro, and then, in the city as Sapna; and Rajesh falls for the simplicity of Paro. His heart breaks when he realizes both Sapna and Paro are one, and he leaves his job, and goes to a remote village, where he once again meets Sapna, but this time, as a would be of local contractor, Diwan Sahab. She is taken hostage by Teja (Dilip Kumar) because of a confusion that she hit his sister. His sister, realizing that Teja would kill Sapna, lets her go, but Sapna doesn't reach back to her cottage. Would Rajesh ever be able to tell her he loved her; more importantly, is Sapna alive? Sapna (Mala Sinha) is having fun time meeting his employee Rajesh (Biswajit) as Paro, and then, in the city as Sapna; and Rajesh falls for the simplicity of Paro. His heart breaks when he realizes both Sapna and Paro are one, and he leaves his job, and goes to a remote village, where he once again meets Sapna, but this time, as a would be of local contractor, Diwan Sahab. She is taken hostage by Teja (Dilip Kumar) because of a confusion that she hit his sister. His sister, realizing that Teja would kill Sapna, lets her go, but Sapna doesn't reach back to her cottage. Would Rajesh ever be able to tell her he loved her; more importantly, is Sapna alive?
4920 ::: Littoral (2004) ::: His father's untimely death sends young Wahab into an intense turmoil. Shaken by family feuds and what he discovers, he decides to bury his father in his native Lebanon. But the idea will prove no less trying in a country scarred by war where a new corpse is one too many.
4921 ::: America the Beautiful (2007) ::: In a society where "celebutantes" like Paris Hilton dominate newsstands and models who weigh less than 90 pounds die from malnutrition, female body image is one of the more dire problems facing today's society. "America the Beautiful" illuminates the issue by covering every base. Child models, plastic surgery, celebrity worship, airbrushed advertising, dangerous cosmetics - no rock is left unturned.
4922 ::: Erinna an Sappho (2013) ::: Inspired by the ancient Greek poetess Erinna, in 1863, Eduard Mörike created an image of her, according to the abysmal romantic subjectivity of his own time. A look in the mirror reveals the transience that appears between the point where the eyes meet. At this point the film tries by looking associatively into the abyss and the wobble between life and death to give a picture that both the ancient and romantic tradition is aware of.
4923 ::: SABAH: Making a Difference (2009) ::: SABAH is an organization that helps special needs children learn to ice skate as well as cooperate in a group setting. This documentary follows Karlie Herbst, an inspirational young girl on her journey through SABAH and how it has affected her life and her entire family.
4924 ::: Dale Evans: Queen of the West (1950) ::: Just saw this ep on my Roku in Pilot TV site. It was fairly good .. Had Dale as a Annie Oakley type. No Roy in this. Pat Brady is cast as a DUMB sidekick on a Mule. Maybe where Festus got Idea for his riding one. Lots of action and shooting in this ep. I think it would have been a great series.A different horse than Buttermilk too. Almost like Trigger doing riding tricks and stunts. She was completely different in the Roy rogers Show than this , So Roy would stand out on his. Wishing this could have made into a series.. Interesting to watch.. Was made 2 years before I was born by the way.
4925 ::: "Lemon La Vida Loca" (2012) ::: Leigh Francis' alter ego Keith Lemon lets ITV2 cameras follow his day to day life with girlfriend Rosie Parker. In this new 4 part series, we will go behind the scenes of Lemon's other projects Celebrity Juice, Keith Lemon: The Film and Keith Lemon's Lemonaid.
4926 ::: HIV/AIDS in Arkansas (2009) ::: Each year, AETN airs 'HIV/AIDS in Arkansas' to dispel the myths and uncover the facts about HIV/AIDS transmission including statewide updates from local experts. The program details how the disease can be spread, prevention, testing, and current treatments.
4927 ::: Uno (2006) ::: A video game adaptation of the card game Uno. Players start with seven cards each with one card in the "discard pile". The object of the game is to discard all your cards, saying "Uno" when you only have one left, which you do by discarding the same colour or number as the card on the top of the pile. The cards are numbered 1-9 and come in four colours, including a Reverse (the game play changes from left-to-right to right-to-left or vice-versa), Skip (skips the next person), Draw Two (the next person is skipped and draws two cards), Wild (changes the discard pile to the colour you choose), and Wild Draw Four cards.
4928 ::: Daughters of Everest (2006) ::: DAUGHTERS OF EVEREST brings a unique flavor to the familiar story of the attempt to climb Mount Everest. In 2000, the first-ever expedition of Sherpa women to climb Everest was organized. This captivating documentary gives a close-up account of the expedition. To the Sherpa people, the ethnic group legendary for their unmatched skill in mountaineering, the mountain is a holy place. Mount Everest is "Chomolongma" - Mother Goddess of the Universe. Ironically, Sherpa women have long been discouraged from climbing the powerful and daunting Everest, relegated instead to more traditional roles as homemakers or into support roles in the prestigious climbing industry of Nepal. The documentary follows the five diverse, charismatic women chosen for this historic expedition. Told from a woman's perspective rarely seen on Everest or off, the film is a dramatic, inspiring Everest story and an absorbing portrait of the Sherpa community.
4929 ::: Maestro (2003) ::: Maestro, tells the story of how a group of people found refuge and a call for life outside the mainstream. What evolved was a scene that set the ground work for what was to come in dance music culture worldwide, a rare insight into the secret underground world. It's the first time this story is told in a motion Picture, included in the film are pioneer dance music DJs and producers, "founding fathers", its center being Larry Levan, as well as high-profile DJs of today. Opting for a more personal and candid approach, MAESTRO shows the true history of the people through a realistic creative aesthetic. Tracing the underground's dance origin, MAESTRO brings out a real understanding of this intense lifestyle, and the lives they lived and died for.
4930 ::: Süt (2008) ::: A high school graduate, Yusuf could not pass the university entrance exam. Writing poetry is his greatest passion and some of his poems are being printed in various obscure literary journals. But neither these poems, nor the rapidly falling price of the milk they sell, are being of any benefit to Yusuf and Zehra's lives. When Yusuf finds out about Zehra's secret affair with the town's stationmaster he gets disconcerted. Will he find the way to cope with his anxiety for the unknown future, the rapid change that he is going through and the pain of taking a step into adulthood and leaving his youth behind?
4931 ::: Chainsmoker (1998) ::: It's a cold winter night in Berlin when a young woman steps out of the shower and trembles after her package of cigarettes. Empty! Desperate she begins a hunt for cigarettes. But it doesn't start well. She locks herself out, it starts to rain, and when she finally find a cigarette machine the coin gets stuck in the machine. She goes from there, angry and shaking and partly unknowing of the strange chain of reaction, that she just started.
4932 ::: Luz Teimosa (2010) ::: Fernando Lemo's world is fiercely stripped of any external logics, as Jorge de Sena once said. His artistic gesture blends with his own existence, where the poetic principle comes first. And with the light that insists to come through the half-closed door, the fear of life is vanquished in the battle fought with death. Thus, each word is born within another word and each image within another image. Of how many knives is love made of? the poet wonders.
4933 ::: Le beau Serge (1958) ::: Francois comes back to his home village in France after more than a decade. He notices that the village hasn't changed much, but the people have, especially his old friend Serge who has become a drunkard. Francois now tries to find out what happened to him and tries to help him. In France, François Baillou returns to his village to spend the winter as part of his treatment of tuberculosis. On the arrival, François sees his former best friend Serge and greets him, but Serge is drunk and does not recognize him. François learns that Serge is a frustrated man since he had not gone to the Architecture University and has stayed in the village working as truck driver since he had to marry his pregnant girlfriend Yvonne. When the baby was born, he was mongoloid and died. Now Serge is the drunkard of the village. François meets the seventeen year-old Marie, who is the slut of the village, and he feels attracted by the teenager. Meanwhile he tries to help his friend.
4934 ::: Ruth (1994) ::: Ruth is the story of a painful adolescence. Ruth decides on a whim to leave her small village in the Bas Saint-Laurent for the "real world" of the big city, Montreal. There she meets up with her brother, Jean-Paul. Her many lovers range from one-night stands like Bernard to Yves and Robert, who are briefly in her life. Passionate, anticonformist Ruth has to contend with her brother's ferocious jealousy - he goes as far as attacking Robert, his best friend. Robert, completely baffled by Ruth's cynical recklessness, finally pushes her away. Ruth continues her struggle to find absolute love. She clings passionately, clumsily and shamelessly to those she loves and those she doesn't, in frenzied desperation. Continually disappointed and shut out by the "real world," she chooses a way out that is typically extreme...
4935 ::: Ascending Low's Peak (2015) ::: Traditional Singaporean Muslim women embarked upon a challenging trek up Mount Kinabalu, Malaysia, their dynamic personalities matched only by their bonding passion of mountain climbing. Inspired by iconic amputee athlete Shariff Abdullah, better known as Singapore Blade Runner, in his training for the Tenzing-Hillary Everest Marathon, they recall their respective emotional journeys in conquering their personal summits.
4936 ::: Visions of Mexico (2005) ::: To many people, Mexico brings to mind visions of barren deserts, shifty-eyed banditos, and unchecked poverty. These impressions keep this otherwise beautiful country largely unknown and unexplored. Visions of Mexico documents an international cast of travelers who have abandoned their preconceived notions of Mexico for the chance to experience first hand the beauty of Mexicos rock climbing and culture. The film opens in the mountains of northern Mexico outside the city of Monterrey. Here, places like El Potrero Chico, La Huasteca, and El Salto see the much traffic from rock climbers, like Canadian athlete Steve Townsend, who come from all over the world to test their courage and strength. From there we travel down south to Mexico City, the largest city in the world, where we meet local strong woman, Chere Silva climbing the cave at Actopan. In addition to World Class rock climbing, Mexico City is a great departure point to explore the history and culture of Mexico. You can visit the Aztec pyramids at Teotihuacan, the volcano Popocatepetl, or Orizaba; the tallest mountain in Mexico. Our travels conclude with an adventure in the valleys of Guadalajara two hours east from the well traveled beaches of Puerto Vallarta. Ricardo Ramos, one of Mexicos strongest climbers, shows us the most difficult sport climb at his local crag, El Cuajo. Narrator, Jeff Jackson, highlights the history and culture of the areas traveled from his years of experience as a climber and traveler in Mexico.
4937 ::: Drowning Slowly (2009) ::: Emaline LeBlanc is the cheapest wedding photographer in small Wilmington, North Carolina. She focuses her life on fine art photography of flowers in lieu of any social life. Her only human connection is with the owner of a local flower shop who is constantly trying to pull her back into the world. Yet, Emaline has become so withdrawn that she is not even aware of the people around her most notably her likewise lonely neighbors. When early morning gunfire disrupts her routine she is forced to become a part of the neighborhood. The effervescent Magnolia effortlessly befriends Emaline, while their mysterious neighbor seems to know too much about them.
4938 ::: First Period (2013) ::: New girl Cassie (Brandon Alexander III) and outcast Maggie (Dudley Beene) are easily the most awkward girls in high school. Together, they decide the way to win the hearts of the cute boys and popular girls is to come in first at the school talent show. But rivals Heather, Other Heather, and their popular boyfriends Brett and Dirk will stop at nothing to keep our heroes the laughing stock of the school. It's going to take makeovers, courage, and maybe even a little rapping to beat them in true 80s style.
4939 ::: Kanzashi (1941) ::: Emi Ota and her friend Okiku stay briefly at a mountain inn and then return to Tokyo. Later, Nanmura, a soldier on leave, steps on an ornamental hairpin in the public bath at the inn. Emi writes to the inn saying she has lost a hairpin and, when she discovers that it injured Nanmura, returns to apologize. The longer term visitors at the inn meet together to discuss the hairpin incident. These include a grumpy Professor, a young couple Mr and Mrs Hiroyasu, and an old man staying with his two grandsons. They hope to see a romance blossom between Nanmura and Emi, after Nanmura declares that there is something almost poetic in finding a hairpin in the bath.
4940 ::: Everstar (2015) ::: When Ainslie Wickett accidentally receives an intergalactic SOS from a lighthouse in Maine, she and her best friend are brought aboard a rogue spaceship called the Everstar. After defending the ship from pirates, Ainslie unwittingly embarks on a journey across the universe where she and her crew encounter alien civilizations, uncover the mysteries of the Everstar, and search for a way back to Earth.
4941 ::: Try Not to Blink (2011) ::: While he is waiting for his doctor's appointment, a young man tries to pick up a girl in the hospital's waiting room. He accidentally finds out that she has a serious illness. She does not suspect a thing. Troubled, he follows her around the city until the evening, when they meet again in a coffee shop. Life is made up of moments like this: the one when you have an accident, the moment when you wait in line to see the doctor, the moment when you meet somebody. Each moment can change life's course. Even when you stand still and you try not to blink.
4942 ::: Écoute, Nicolas... (2003) ::: Nicolas, 12-years-old, is perfectly fond of his mother, Lorraine, who adopted him at his birth. Piano, tennis, chess, he has a ministerial schedule, and he is a happy child, for whom everything goes well until the day when - he discovers that Marcello, his beloved piano teacher, is in love with his mother. And Marcello is not a man like any other. Marcello is blind. Sharing his mother with a man is already very difficult, impossible. But to share it with a disabled person, that seems to him humiliating, devaluing, and unacceptable. He decides to drive back this intruder by all means. And all means this can go very far.
4943 ::: En kvinnas ansikte (1938) ::: When she was a child, Anna Holm burned her face. This destroyed her looks, and she has become a mean and bitter woman. She and her 'friends' are black-mailers. One of the victims pay her by letting a plastic surgeon, doctor Wegert, make her beautiful again. Anna becomes a new person and leave the others. She becomes a governess for a young boy, who will inherit a fortune. The boy has an evil uncle, who wants to see the boy dead, so that he will inherit the fortune. He hires Anna's former colleagues as assassins. As a child Anna Holm lost both her parents in a fire. She survived the accident, but her face was severely burnt. With half of her face malformed she feels like a monster. She has become embittered and hard, and her only passion in life is money. Together with three elderly gentlemen she has formed a gang of blackmailers. They have just got hold of some letters from a Mrs. Wegert to her lover, which they will return to her for 10.000 Swedish crowns, when a bigger bait turns up. A man called Torsten Barring has a huge inheritance in prospect, if they only could help him get rid of the principal heir, the 6 year old Lars-Erik Barring. Torsten agrees to give them 25 % of the inheritance for the job. When Anna the same evening visits Mrs. Wegert to get the money for the love letters, she is surprised by Mrs. Wegert's husband, Dr. Allan Wegert. He is a famous plastic surgeon, and when he listens to Anna's sad story and sees her malformed face, he wants to help her instead of calling the police. The surgical operation is successful and some weeks later Anna has a beautiful face. She goes to Forsa as a new governess for Lars-Erik Barring, to fulfill the plan of the gang. But the change of her face also starts a process of change in her soul. She becomes fond of Lars-Erik and the country life at Forsa estate. Her main concern is now to protect Lars-Erik from Torsten Barring, who is determined to kill him.
4944 ::: A Civil Arrangement (2012) ::: Mother of the bride Isobel speaks direct to camera about her selfish Lesbian daughter Kelly's upcoming civil partnership. She recounts her husband Robert's disapproval - particularly of 'I Kissed a Girl' instead of the wedding march - but expresses her regard for Kelly's intended, the older, sensible Janice, to whom she relates very well. Possibly rather too well for the union to last beyond the big day in fact...
4945 ::: The Bad Boy of Bowling (2015) ::: This ESPN 30 for 30 Short tells the story of Pete Weber, the self-declared "bad boy of bowling" and the first rock star of the sport. As one writer put it, "He's the greatest show in bowling. Or, depending on how you judge him, he's a giant black eye on a sport constantly searching for respect." This funny and touching documentary tells the story of the past, present, and future of bowling through the eyes of its most colorful and controversial character.
4946 ::: Man on the Flying Trapeze (1935) ::: Ambrose Wolfinger wants the afternoon off (his first in twenty-five years) to go to a wrestling match. He tells his boss that he must attend his mother-in-law's funeral. The afternoon is no joy. He tries to please a policeman, assist a chauffeur, chase a tire, and ends up getting hit by the body of a wrestler thrown from the ring. A series of mishaps leads his boss to send floral tributes to the house and notify the papers of the death (due to poisoned liquor). His shrewish wife, judgmental mother-in-law, and good-for-nothing brother-in-law add to his burdens. In the end he enjoys their fawning loyalty, a raise in pay, and his first vacation.
4947 ::: The Planters (2018) ::: "The Planters" is a dark comedy about Martha Plant, a virgin who doesn't like people, but likes to bury stolen treasure in exchange for mystery donations. She calls this "planting." After a homeless woman in a wedding dress and helmet runs into her on one of her planting excursions, Martha takes her in and they begin a unique friendship over a search for the identity of a mysterious planting recipient.
4948 ::: Naked Tickle Passion (2010) ::: Seven beautiful naked babes, variously hogtied, frogtied, bound to chairs, sofas or work benches, are ruthlessly tickled by erstwhile friends who attack armpits, rib cages, tummies, and toes with fingernails. The women squeal, wriggle and gasp for breathe, begging for relief that never comes.
4949 ::: "Arthur Hailey's the Moneychangers" (1976) ::: This is the story of the happenings at a major bank. The first of which is that the bank's president announces that he is dying and that with no heir to take his place, he informs the bank's officers that he is letting them choose a successor. The two vice presidents who are the front runners for the job are Alex Vandervoort and Roscoe Heyward. Now Alex is not exactly running around looking for support, Roscoe can only see the benefits the presidency can give him. So he goes around looking for people who would like to do business with the bank. He goes to George Quartermain, who wants the bank to give him more than they are allowed to. While most of the board are excited of the possibility of going into business with Quartermain, Alex is the only one who is weary of it, as it's a big risk. Alex is not popular also because, while his wife is mentally ill and confined to an insane asylum, he is having an affair with a lawyer, who specializes in helping the disadvantaged, the bank was originally suppose to fund a project to help them but has pulled out, and Alex is also asking them not to. Also the bank is plagued with false credit cards being circulated, so the bank's security officer, who was hired by Alex is not having much luck in finding them, which is another reason why Alex is not so popular.
4950 ::: Te amo (made in Chile) (2001) ::: Sam returns to Chile from the USA after his parents divorce. Left with a sexually-abusive nanny, he makes friends with some other neglected kids: Isabel, whose mother suffers from depression after the disappearance of her father and brother, and Daniela whose mother is dead and whose father is an alcoholic. The teenagers get together to make a slasher film dealing with family issues, and finally confront their demons.
4951 ::: Escaping Extinction: Whale Sharks of the Maldives (2017) ::: For over 60 million years, the mysterious Whale Shark has traversed the open sea, but very little is known about this enormous docile shark. Maldivian communities are proud to celebrate the Whale Sharks and their marine biodiversity. These days, Whale Sharks in the Maldives are safe from their number one predator: Man - But that hasn't always been the case.
4952 ::: Quake Beam (2014) ::: Deadly spy Tamara Ronsivalle is sent to stop scientist Patrick Schmidt form selling the Quake Beam technology-a weapon that can create massive earthquakes in any point on the planet. The forces of good and evil send their own agents to manipulate the outcome. An action comedy about the war industry and what you can do about it.
4953 ::: Madame X (1916) ::: Thrown out of her home by a jealous husband, a woman sinks into degradation. Twenty years later, she is charged with killing a man bent on harming her son. The son, unaware of who the woman is, takes the assignment to defend her in court.
4954 ::: The New 20s: Episodes 1 (2009) ::: 10 years after college, Chrystal Winters Myers wakes up and realizes her life has changed. Instead of the wild dreams she had for her future in her youth, she finds herself over 30 and in a passionless marriage with a writing career that is going nowhere. As she looks at her friends from college, she realizes that they too are going through transitions of their own. Now all in their 30's, they are navigating through life's trials and triumphs and dealing with real world issues they had not faced in college, or even in their 20's. Chrystal defeats her writer's block when she decides to use her friends as subject matter in a new book titled 'The New 20s".
4955 ::: Le secret de Polichinelle (1936) ::: The Jouvenels, a couple of bourgeois good people, discover one day that their son Henri has a mistress and a five-year-old illegitimate child. But they both think they are the only one who knows and arrange to spend some time with their grandson without the other knowing it. At long last the open secret is unveiled and little Robert's smiles bring happiness among all the protagonists.
4956 ::: Raw Focus (2017) ::: All hell breaks loose when a photographer with a flare for erotic art takes a group of stunning models out into the middle of nowhere for the ultimate photo-shoot. Unfortunately for this crew of young and aspiring talent, this happens to be the same middle of nowhere in-which a trio of psychopathic killers have selected to use as their personal killing fields.
4957 ::: Potosi, le temps du voyage (2006) ::: In 1970, after their wedding in Buenos Aires, Ron and Jacqueline set off for the Andes, with backpacks and still cameras. While crossing Bolivia, on their way to Cuzco, they discovered the city of Potosi. 29 years later, they return to the same places, this time with their three daughters and a Super 16 camera. A road movie, which is both a depiction in real time of Potosi and the Andes and a journey of introspection for the filmmaker and his family. Potosi, at an altitude of 4,100 metres, was once one of the largest and richest cities in the world. But for the millions of indigenous people who were forced to work in the depths of the mountain, Potosi was the gateway to Hell. After its silver mines were exhausted, Potosi was abandoned, poor and forgotten. As in his previous film, Fragments - Jerusalem, Ron Havilio also uses personal material to draw a portrait of an Israeli family on the road, the generation gap, and a meditation on the passage of time.
4958 ::: Our March Onwards (2015) ::: Kaori is suffering through her relationship with her parents-in-law while undergoing fertility treatment. Osamu is under pressure to consider marriage as well as his parents' future, despite having a life with his boyfriend Tota. On the verge of turning 30, Mina feels anxious and uncertain about her future. Yoichi is unable to recover after the recent loss of his wife. This is an ensemble story of people who are looking for answers to the challenges life sends them.
4959 ::: Taming the Beasts: How to Drive, Fire and Shoot Inside a 30-Ton Tank (2015) ::: This short presents info from Smith, Ayer, Pitt, Bernthal, Pena, tank supervisor Jim Dowdall, production designer Andrew Menzies, tank production assistant Thomas Turner, and Bovington Tank Museum curator David Willey as they examine the tanks used in the film as well as how the actors worked in them.
4960 ::: The Main Stream (2002) ::: Humorist Roy Blount Jr. takes viewers on a journey down the Mississippi River, showcasing everything from areas with spectacularly beautiful scenery to ugly and dangerously polluted stretches of the river as it passes by heavily industrialized urban areas.
4961 ::: Pikro psomi (1951) ::: Lymberis, a poor builder, has three sons: disabled Antonis, who lost both his hands during the German occupation, from a grenade explosion, bad-tempered Giagos, desperately seeking for a job, and little Fotakis, the family's pride, that his mother wishes that he will finish school. The life of the three will dramatically change, after the death of their father on a work accident.
4962 ::: "HuffPost Live Highlights" (2012) ::: After being raped on her second night of college, Aspen Matis was left shattered and alone. She decided to leave school to walk the 2,650-mile Pacific Crest Trail. Her memoir "Girl In The Woods" tells the story of how the quest became her salvation.
4963 ::: Cowboys and Indians: The J.J. Harper Story (2003) ::: Winnipeg, March, 1988. In the dark wee hours of the morning, the police, with only vague descriptions of the suspects, are in active pursuit of two perpetrators of a robbery. In that pursuit, Constable Robert Cross confronts a native Indian man who ends up having nothing to do with the robbery, but who Cross shoots dead in the ensuing confrontation. That man is John Joseph Harper - J.J. - who was just in the wrong place at the wrong time as he was walking home from a night out with friends at a bar. The problem for the police is that J.J. is the well respected Chief of the Northern Lakes Reserve and recently named Executive Director of the Aboriginal Tribal Council. However, there are no eyewitnesses to the actual shooting, and thus Cross is able to have his account as the one and only in the public consciousness, which he states includes J.J. grabbing for his gun, which resulted in the shooting for Cross to protect himself. In private, Cross is slowly unraveling mentally about his part in killing another human being which may further prove problematic for the police. Police Chief Herb Stephen had long entrusted the responsibility within the force of protecting itself to Inspector Ken Dowson, who does whatever he needs to to place the force in a good light, regardless of the fact that he knows there is a culture of scorn against the urban native population within the force. Leading the charge for J.J. is his brother Harry Wood and their friend Joe, who hire attorney Harvey Pollock to represent J.J. at the upcoming inquest on this specific incident. As that inquest progresses, what they know they would like to see is a broader inquest of the actions of the police against the aboriginal population in the province so that there is never another death like J.J.'s in the future. Back at the Northern Lakes Reserve, J.J.'s father, James Harper, has his own view of what is best for the specific people involved, especially Constable Cross. Based on the true story of J.J. Harper, a First Nations leader, who was shot and killed by Winnipeg Police Constable Robert Cross on his way home one snowy night in in 1988. As the guilt-ridden Cross descends into madness, J.J. Harper's brother, Harry Wood, supported by native leaders; cries out for justice through legal channels. The police close ranks to ensure that Cross is never prosecuted for the crime.
4964 ::: The Love Guru of Khajurao (????) ::: This Docu-Feature is about a man's search for the famed "Love Guru" in Khajuraho, INDIA that according to James McConnachie is the 'Apogee of Erotic Art'. The search leads to his finding and sharing of the Kohinoor of Erotic Art in full details of explanations, which he received by standing on a particular spot of Khajuraho, in a supernatural manner. The ancient secret of deathlessness is revealed in this Film.
4965 ::: Extreme Close-Up (1973) ::: While doing a story on the intrusion of surreptitious surveillance in peoples' private lives, a television reporter rents some surveillance equipment to get a feel for what it's like to spy on people. When he finishes his report, he returns to the equipment rental store to discover that he was too late and the store is closed, so he'll have to keep the equipment for another day. As a lark he sets up the equipment to "spy" on the residents of a nearby building, but soon finds himself caught up in the dark world of voyeurism, begins to descend further and further into that world and realizes that it is becoming a disturbing obsession with him.
4966 ::: Guerra e Pacs (2006) ::: Suppose the onslaught on families vigorously denounced by catholic zealots became reality? Here is a delirious little comedy of bygone days as a match for the zealots' prehistoric fear. If war is declared it will be to establish Civil Partnerships rights.
4967 ::: How Deep Is the Ocean (2000) ::: This documentary is about director Tang's Tao (Lanyu tribesman) friend, Mamuno. Through Mamuno's experience of returning to his origin and Tang's examining of his own life, the film shows how the two people interact and their brotherly caring for each other. Tang and Mamuno, coming from different backgrounds, share the same passion towards the ocean. We see what Mamuno went through a part of his life as a Tao, and Tang's intent of finding the origin of his own life. The inseparable relationship between man and nature is also observed.
4968 ::: "Mack & Myer for Hire" (1963) ::: The plot had to do with a stolen (or kidnapped) palomino horse. The title, "Finders Weepers" derived from the plot that Mack & Myer somehow found a beauitful palomino horse, which was owned by a trick rider and trick roper, named Benny Rossi (real name), who gives an actual trick riding demonstration, within the scenario (filmed at Roosevelt Field). The horse is eventually reunited with its rightful owner and all is right again. The story ends as Myer is rewarded, and allowed to get on the horse, "Navajo", but as he does, the horse runs away with Myer trying desperately to hang on. The series was produced by Sandy Howard, of "A Man Called Horse" and Tarzan fame.
4969 ::: Pourquoi? (1977) ::: Patrick,13,is a boy like the other ones.His mother is quick-tempered ,and his father ,often absent, does not care much about him.He smokes hashish ,not to be regarded by his pals as being a yellow -belly.One day, he confesses what he does with his pack to his father.He undergoes treatment for drug addiction and soon he is clean again.But shortly after,he leaves home and lives like a tramp ,gets involve in illegal abortions, and uses heroin.Dad takes him home again ,but can he still save his son?The boy's in detox again.
4970 ::: Shelter Me: Second Chances (2014) ::: "Shelter Me: Second Chances" is hosted by Edie Falco and features an organization that pairs up shelter dogs with juveniles in a detention facility. This program provides hope and life-long lessons for the young inmates. A spoken word artist delivers an emotional performance reminding us about all the incredible shelter pets that are waiting for loving homes and a professional photographer takes a group of kids into a shelter to show how taking great pictures can help get more pets adopted.
4971 ::: Skylar (2016) ::: Levi, a graphic designer with significant relationship problems, decides to order a personal female android as an experiment, Skylar. He soon finds himself attracted to the android as she is quite charming. However, an old flame shows up at work, which further complicates things.
4972 ::: Sárkány és papucs (1990) ::: Mail <svaradi@sprynet.com> for translation. Guinevra kiralyne szomoruan panaszolja szeretett szolgalolanyanak, Peggynek, hogy ferje, Arthur kiraly evek ota elhanyagolja ot. A kiraly ugyanis minden idejet a lovagi tornak porondja, vagy a hires 'kerekasztal' mellett tolti. A ket no kisuti, hogy a bajon egyedul a jo oreg Merlin varazslo segithet. Merlin el is kuld Guinevranak egy fantasztikusan eros varazsszert, amelynek segitsegevel visszaszerezheti Arthur szerelmet. A holgyek egy pudingba sutik a csodaszert, am azt veletlenul Arthur kedvenc lovagja, Lancelot eszi meg. Bonyolitja a helyzetet, hogy Peggy szerelmes Lancelot-ba, de a lovag a tulmeretezett adag varazsszer hatasara egycsapasra orjito szerelemet erez a kiralyne irant.
4973 ::: The Knights of Columbus (2008) ::: The Knights have over 1.7 million members worldwide, and are one of the largest and most active fraternal societies in the world.Though they call themselves Knights they don't trace their origins back to medieval Europe. They were founded with distinctly American roots over 125 years ago in New Haven, Connecticut.
4974 ::: La tua donna (1954) ::: During WWII, Sandro Ademari (Massimo Girotti), head of a group of Italian partisans, to escape from a Nazi catch, hides himself by a farm. Here he knows Luisa (Lea Padovani) and soon the two married and have a baby. After the war, Sandro, now a solicitor, succeeded also to be elected in Rome's parliament. Here he starts an extramarital affair with Germana (Patricia Neal). Sandro, now deep involved with Germana, tries all the way to leave Luisa (divorce wasn't legal during the '50s in Italy). But Luisa is determined to save her marriage and arrives in Rome to discuss with the two. The tragedy is behind the corner.
4975 ::: Blue Crew (2015) ::: The old crew is back together like old times. Ray, Matt, Herb, Mac, and Feto try to live the best they can during their summer vacation. When they get busted at a party, the crew decides to deal drugs to make up the money they owe authorities.
4976 ::: "Step Inside" (2002) ::: Mr Mopple (played by Chris Jarvis) is a groundsman is beckoned to the house, telling him that a story needs to be told. Chloe the clock, Boris the bookshelf and Twinkle the cat are inside and usually squabble among themselves, with Mr Mopple trying to keep the peace, as he reads them a story that Boris gives him.
4977 ::: Julie Loves to Gamble (????) ::: Julie, a single, broke, 31 year-old has always dreamed of owning a business with her childhood friend. After years of failing to raise the money needed to start her company, she resorts to gambling, believing that a big win at the casino is the only way to make her business dream a reality. She meets and falls for Stan, a co-owner at a debt collection agency who promises to help invest in her company. The plan is thrown into chaos when Julie discovers her best friend's life along with her children is threatened over a debt owed to a loan shark. To save Dolores, Julie must put her own life and her love for Stan on the line.
4978 ::: "United Tastes of America" (2010) ::: Hosted by Jeffrey Saad, United Tastes of America explores the incredible diversity and evolution of our favorite foods. Featuring chunks of science, history and pop-culture, the series is a tasty journey through the best of American cooking and the hot chefs who are reinterpreting classic foods in unexpected ways.
4979 ::: La waqt lil-demoue (1976) ::: A dancer and officer meets and fall in love,but duty's call seperated them.After hearing news of his death,azza gets involved in the night life and dancing in cabarets to make a living and cope with her sorrow,but her shock was great when she sees her fiancée alive and well again,but how she'll confront him with her regretful past and build a life with him?
4980 ::: The Panama Canal: History and Operation (2004) ::: The construction of the Panama Canal, from the first failed attempt by the French through the successful completion by the United States under the stewardship of President Teddy Roosevelt, was one of the most amazing engineering feats of the last several hundred years. This remarkable documentary tells its entire history.
4981 ::: FatherIDaughter (2016) ::: Saying goodbye is always hard especially when it's someone you love with all your life, Here we find a Father's regression towards his Daughter leaving home and spreading her wings. Their journey is documented through expression all dance and the stages of farewells. Sometimes you just have to hug tighter and longer and other times you have to let your bird fly by itself. A short experimental dance film with hues and styling from artist such as Wes Anderson and Khalil Joseph, FatherIDaughter tells the sweets meticulous story of a daughter saying goodbye to her father as she leave forever. The movie details the exuberant stages of saying goodbye to a loved one. Orginal score from Jethro Robathan give the movie an insane feeling and momentum. It's beautiful and subtle and strange and moving. All the things a film should be. and the way its all come together (the music, the choreography, the story, the dance, the shooting of it) has really created 'film alchemy' raising it above the sum of its parts. It's a beautiful and strong piece. Created by first time production team: Oniqur's Pocket consistently of six 16-18 years old the movie will exceed comprehensions and blow audience mind away. As cited by different directors such as Mo Ali, FatherIDaughter is completely different to anything on screen.
4982 ::: Ravnovesie (1983) ::: A film crew arrives at the seaside to shoot a film entitled Equilibrium. Neither the actors nor the director can figure out precisely why the scriptwriter has chosen this title. Milko, a driver working for the film crew, dreams of taking part in automobile races; his wife Elena is the cashier of the production. Maria, an assistant to the director, comes between them. The story intertwines ordinary daily lives with the world of filmmaking into a drama ending with Elena's suicide. The film crew witness this drama silently. Yet the shooting of the film and its story suddenly recede in importance before the real-life drama, a drama for which these people prove unprepared and which disturbs their inner equilibrium. To some this is an unpleasant episode that must be forgotten as quickly as possible, but to others, such as the scriptwriter and the director, it provides an occasion to re-evaluate their own lives and the films they have been making. They are shaken by the revelation that they have allowed life to pass them by in hiding from reality behind empty phrases and making pointless films. It turns out the equilibrium that everybody aspires to may all too easily turn into unconcern. At whose expense do we achieve our own equilibrium? The story revolves round a film production. In a town at the Black Sea coast, a film crew is shooting a movie. The screenwriter and the director of the 'film within a film' are shooting some pretentious trash involving a large crew. The relations between the members of the group are very strained and can have damaging consequences. They all witness a genuine human drama, which unfolds between the driver in the production, Milko, and his sensitive wife Elena, who is the cashier of the crew. The 'other woman' is the assistant director Maria - a beautiful and frivolous girl. In the familiar love triangle three people are futilely searching for balance in their personal and social lives. Milko and Maria are hiding behind a false self-confidence while Elena refuses to turn her back on Milko's adultery, which he sees as a weakness, and escape in a light-hearted love affair. Elena, too, is unable to fight against the current and commits suicide. The shooting of the movie goes on, though for the screenwriter and the director this is a reason for serious thought. They ask themselves whether they succeed in reflecting on the real problems of the people in their works. The human drama faces film people with fundamental question about truth and falsehood in art. The film is successful marriage of observations on various social strata and the confession-like tone of the filmmakers.
4983 ::: Sameblod (2016) ::: Elle Marja, 14, is a reindeer-breeding Sámi girl. Exposed to the racism of the 1930's and race biology examinations at her boarding school, she starts dreaming of another life. To achieve this other life, she has to become someone else and break all ties with her family and culture.
4984 ::: Salt Box House (????) ::: What better way to celebrate their 10th anniversary than with the vacation rental of Salt Box House, a purported haunted vacation destination near a small four street one gas station town in northern California. Two skeptics, a local psychic medium and tales of the experiences former visitors had add up to a vacation unlike they expected.
4985 ::: La dignidad de los nadies (2005) ::: The degraded socio-economic condition of Argentina leading to the December 2001 rebellions, and its consequent social chaos analyzed by focusing on real people from Buenos Aires poorest shantytowns, crumbling hospitals, and women middle class farmers fighting multi national banks that are shamelessly appropriating their farmlands.
4986 ::: Katha (2009) ::: Chitra (Genelia) is a loner and she comes to Araku seeking employment as a teacher in a kids school. Krishna (Arun) is an aspiring director. He comes to Araku to do trail shoot and complete script for his debut film. Local Circle Inspector (Prakash Raj) is a friendly cop. Chitra has an uncomfortable history as she spent a year in a mental asylum. Chitra and Krishna become good friends. While peeping through her binoculars, Chitra notices a murder where she could clearly see the victim girl. She reports it to the police and they find no evidence of murder. With a history at mental problem, Chitra doubts that her past mental condition is catching up again. The rest of the story is all about whether the murder she saw was real or just a hallucination?
4987 ::: Adigaram 79 (2012) ::: An amnesiac and a notorious assassin once shared their childhood, and the knowledge of an ancient Indian martial art. When they happen to become confronting forces, what is at stake is much more than survival - friendship, love, honor and the legacy of an art form. A contemporary action-drama set against the backdrop of ancient Indian martial arts.
4988 ::: 81 Days (2016) ::: In a widely-used internet world, often times friends, family and even married couples, have major infidelity suspicions because of the suspected cheaters use of it. Tish, played by (Leticia Ross) has had it with her husband Andrew, played by (Calvin Crump) and his Facebook surfing. He lies all the time about his so-called FEMALE FRIENDS that are on Facebook, so, Tish retaliates in the most Godliest way one could ever image. 81 DAYS is based on true life social media cheating events that sadly happens to many of us, each and every day.
4989 ::: All Saints (2017) ::: ALL SAINTS is based on the inspiring true story of salesman-turned-pastor Michael Spurlock (John Corbett), the tiny church he was ordered to shut down, and a group of refugees from Southeast Asia. Together, they risked everything to plant seeds for a future that might just save them all. Based on a true story, a newly ordained former sales exec-turned pastor, gets as his first assignment, a failing Episcopal country church in Tennessee, which has been slated for shut-down. His job is to successfully manage that task, after which he will be reassigned to a church in a major city; a job he and his family are looking forward to. His assignment, and his life, get very complicated and challenged when some newly arrived refugees from war-torn Burma, come to the church for help.
4990 ::: Ex Tropico (2015) ::: After a party gone wrong, a Sorority must undergo community service as camp counselors for the summer. While at camp they find a mysterious darkness in the forest surrounding the camp grounds that will reveal the real secrets of who they are.
4991 ::: Love Cures Cancer: Take a Chance on Love (2009) ::: LoveCuresCancer's (LCC) mission is to SPREAD LOVE by leaving the world better than we found it. In this inspirational cancer research documentary, "Take A Chance On Love", LCC filmmakers and co-founders Cyrus Ahanchian, Wes Denton, and Kyle Schmid interview young Hollywood Celebrities, the Chief Surgeon of Childrens Hospital Los Angeles (CHLA), TJ Martell Foundation cancer research fund-raising executives, and the families of children with cancer in treatment at CHLA, where the hospital provides free health-care to any and all children under eighteen. Starring Dianna Agron (Glee), Jessica Szohr (Gossip Girl), Kyle Schmid (Blood Ties), Martha MacIsaac (Super Bad), Maz Jobrani (Comedy Central), Taylor Handley (Southland), Miriam McDonald & Cassie Steele (Degrassi) as well as a host of reality stars from MTV and Vh1. Everyone shares their everyday experiences with cancer as we follow celebrity youth inspiring others to learn how to volunteer and donate from social media outreach to CHLA patent visits to red carpet Hollywood parties. You're invited backstage and behind-the-scenes as LoveCuresCancer and Childrens Hospital Los Angeles have a GOOD TIME while doing SOME GOOD...
4992 ::: Two Women and Two Babies (2004) ::: Lisa Bainfeld was told she could never carry a baby or contribute biologically to a child. But through an extraordinary chain of medical miracles, she is now preparing for the arrival of two babies. Those babies will be born in America, to a surrogate mother.
4993 ::: "Expedition Impossible" (2011) ::: Teams of three will solve problems while racing across deserts, over mountains and through rivers. Each week a new stage of the expedition will be revealed. After ten stunning legs of competition, one team will cross the finish line first to claim victory.
4994 ::: Pes sti morfini akoma tin psahno (2001) ::: Ricky rides her motorcycle among real and imagined dangers, to arrive unscathed, but unalterably changed, at the end of summer. The unrelenting wind of the season disrupts a landscape of inaction, theft and drug use. The end of innocence has already begun and a new path, dark and hopeful, stands waiting like the ships beyond her window. It will be an act of violence that thrusts the girl into womanhood and leads her to a new life where, not without pain, everything is possible.
4995 ::: Mein Vater. Mein Onkel. (2009) ::: A moving documentary, chronicling the story of 28-year-old, Iraq-born Sinan, who was adopted at birth by his uncle Farouq and his German wife Brunhild. Following the couple's split a few years later, he was taken by his mother to Darmstadt, Germany, where he has lived ever since. In 'My Father, My Uncle', we watch as Sinan prepares to meet his original family, now exiled from Iraq and based in Sharjah, UAE. Knowing little about his Arabic origins or culture, Sinan views the impending meeting with trepidation. However, the reunion brings a complex tangle of emotions to the surface.
4996 ::: Klip (2012) ::: Jasna is a teenage girl living in the poor suburbs in the south of Belgrade, Serbia. She likes to record everything around her using a mobile phone camera. She is making videos of herself, her school friends, family and Djole - the boy of her dreams. Her family is a mess: father is terminally ill and mother is barely coping. That's why she is spending more and more time hanging out with her school friends, partying and drinking. At one of the parties, she finally starts a conversation with Djole and later they develop an intense sexual relationship. When he realizes that she will do anything to be close to him, Djole starts using her as a sexual object. Jasna starts to experiment with drugs and to skip school. Her life is getting out of control and she needs Djole to accept and reciprocate her affections. Jasna is a beautiful girl in her mid-teens, leading a crude life of the postwar generation in Serbia. With a terminally ill father and dispirited mother, she is disillusioned and angry with everyone and everything, including herself. Having a huge crush on a boy from school, she goes on a spree of sex, drugs and partying, constantly filming with her mobile phone. Still, in that very harsh environment love and tenderness emerge.
4997 ::: The Runner (2016/VI) ::: Before they left the city, the Athenian generals sent off a message to Sparta. The messenger was an Athenian named Pheidippides, a professional long-distance runner. According to the account he gave the Athenians on his return, Philippides met the god Pan on Mount Parthenium, above Tegea. Pan, he said, called him by name and told him to ask the Athenians why they paid him no attention, in spite of his friendliness towards them and the fact that he had often been useful to them in the past, and would be so again in the future. The Runner reached Sparta the day after he left Athens and delivered his message to the Spartans. "Men of Sparta" (the message ran), "the Athenians ask you to help them, and not to stand by while the most ancient city of Greece is crushed and subdued by a foreign invader; for even now Eretria has been enslaved, and Greece is the weaker by the loss of one fine city." The Spartans, though moved by the appeal, and willing to send help to Athens, were unable to send it promptly because they did not wish to break their law. It was the ninth day of the month, and they said they could not take the field until the moon was full. So they waited for the full moon, and the Persians sailed to Marathon."
4998 ::: Mysfits (2011) ::: MYSFITS: We've Suffered Enough... Ladies standup! No more will we settle for anything less than what we deserve. We've been subservient for far TOO LONG, we've graveled at the feet of men for what feels like an eternity, these Vultures are going to pay... every last one; young and old will face judgment, a new brand of justice that will have every player and pimp thinking twice about toying with another woman ever again. Oh, yes, run for cover because the battle of the sexes has just begun in what will be the first Volume in an action packed trilogy that is guaranteed to have everyone on the edge of their seats. This cinematic masterpiece gives us a unique take on the plight of an exceptional group of women, who have formed a militant organization fueled by vengeance and utter disdain. These women have been scorned and they'll stop at nothing to take down all who oppose them.
4999 ::: Filmregény - Három növér (1978) ::: A powerful, at times shockingly authentic, epic-length film about three contemporary women who also happen to be sisters. The film employs documentary-like style to tell the story which spans about 2 years, and is is notable for memorable performances by a cast of mostly amateurs.
5000 ::: Uebergeil (2016) ::: A Social Drama that took its influences from a documentary called, 'Loverboy Masche'. '[...] shows how high school girls are forced into prostitution. The documentary affected me tremendously and therefor I decided to write a script on this topic. [...] The love of her life and especially her obsession with him ruined her life. Thus I want to warn every young woman about vacation affairs and passing acquaintances.' - Jolanta Warpechowski
